Normally we excrete about 40 grams of urea daily in about 1.5 litres of water.

Inside the church Vasili, the priest, was garbing himself in his Easter service vestments.

He appeared to be carrying something on his shoulder.

" Now we can relax, " she said with a slow smile which filled Arthur till he thought he would burst.

as well as wanting to escape Cecilia, she needed to be alone to consider Robbie afresh, and to frame the opening paragraph of a story shot through with real life.

She told me the way she had been debauched.

That force, which we call love ' for short, drove Salko the barber to clamber over the bushes in Hafizadic 's hedge, tearing his clothes, and to climb trees in order just to glimpse the Consul 's daughter Agatha.

It surprised me at the time that you so easily forgave my false accusations against the Spacers when earlier you had so lectured me on their sensitivity.

Had Hotblack Desiato been alive, he probably would have deemed this a good moment to lean back, or even go for a short walk.

I could see it in his eyes even before he stiffened, glanced at the mirror on the closet door, cleared his throat.

Now he could tell only by ear, like a sound separate and distinct from the universal thundering, that something heavy had struck the roof of the shop and that, there behind the partition, had begun a clashing and breaking of wooden and metal objects as if all the things in the shop had come alive, were flying about and colliding in mid-air.

I was compelled, " said Arthur, " to ignore it. "

Many stables had been washed away and granaries overturned.

Langdon depressed the clutch and jostled the stick into what he hoped was first gear.

At the tree LG began with a full stiff-legged display, parading by it three times, and both cubs marked a dead spruce by arching their backs to rub against it.

In any other country they 'd sic a bulldozer on it ... I saw entire orchards of ashtrays, all of em the same, inscribed with the name MITROPA ... at one end of the market sat a few cars, some clunky old Pobedas, a Trabant, and a Czech model I call the Coma ... we trudged through the sand and the dust, perusing the people and what they were selling, at a stand with red wine I had to lean on my little sister ...

Selim ID, the enlightened reformer, was overthrown by his fanatical opponents, incarcerated in the Seraglio and replaced by Sultan Mustapha.

Shuddering in his efforts to repress a yawn of nervousness, he asked in his flat northern voice :

Speaking of my old friend and biographer, I would take this opportunity to remark that if I burden myself with a companion in my various little inquiries it is not done out of sentiment or caprice, but it is that Watson has some remarkable characteristics of his own to which in his modesty he has given small attention amid his exaggerated estimates of my own performances.

At dawn, when the sun broke through the fog of the winter morning like the flame of a distant fire, one drunken Chekist saluted the birth of the new day with a salvo from the antiaircraft gun.

The wind stung Arthur 's eyes and ears, and the stale thin air clasped his throat.

Over that long Thanksgiving weekend, the happy couple dined only once more with Hannah and Eddie, their two unhappy friends.

As if searching for a text he examined her face, noting the tufts of brown hair that overhung the ear-pieces of her glasses, the crease running up the near cheek and approaching closer than before to the eye-socket ( or was he imagining that? ), and the faint but at this angle unmistakable downward curve of the mouth.

A slight cough alerted him to the fact that the ship ’ s first officer was still standing nearby.

Over a few days he also acquired some astronomical software, plotted the movements of stars, drew rough little diagrams of how he seemed to remember the stars to have been in the sky when he looked up out of his cave at night, and worked away busily at it for weeks, cheerfully putting off the conclusion he knew he would inevitably have to come to, which was that the whole project was completely ludicrous.

The word " technologist " was sometimes a sore point with people like Bannister who only rated the styling " technician. "

Repairs, except what you could do for yourself, had to be sanctioned by remote committees which were liable to hold up even the mending of a window-pane for two years.

" Because I, a reasoning being, am capable of deducing Truth from a priori Causes.

We are currently awaiting the loading of our complement of small lemon-soaked paper napkins for your comfort, refreshment and hygiene during the journey.

They blinked and frowned from the sun and the heat of the crowd around them as if that were all that was troubling them.

In his mind the Universe still divided into two parts - the Earth, and everything else.

They sipped DOLCETTO wine and talked late into the night.

I am a green and would be classed among them, but I am most of all a scientist; because of this I entreat my friends among greens to reconsider their naive belief in sustainable development and renewable energy, and that this and saving energy are all that need be done.

His youth and sound nature contended in him against this affliction as against an unhealthy climate.

Arthur was sitting on a high rock watching the thundering sea smashing itself against the craggy promontories.

Timid youths would spend a long time getting ready, whispering to themselves like actors rehearsing a part, and then start to run, raising their heads in excitement, as though they were going to burst into song, shouting the cry they had composed.

So far we have thwarted their plan.

Suddenly everything became clear; the value of life, what it meant to be a man and the meaning of his curse, that inexplicable passion to gamble with friends or strangers, with himself and with all around him.

After the harvest there was a stretch of clear dry weather, and the animals toiled harder than ever, thinking it well worth while to plod to and fro all day with blocks of stone if by doing so they could raise the walls another foot.

The boy and I will splice them when we are home.

As he bounded up the steps, three or four at a stride, Mercer agreed that Calvert had been perfectly correct;

The jacket shackled to a wall.

The Menu goes on to suggest that Milliways, the Restaurant at the End of the Universe, would be a very agreeable and sophisticated answer to that third question.

He was charging while the rest were faltering.

What steps have we taken to counter it, if the worst eventuality should occur?

The first law of thermodynamics states unequivocally that energy is always conserved, and therefore it can neither be lost nor renewed.

She put her hand on his knee, which made him realize that the tingling going up and down his spine was not her gently stroking his back, and must instead be one of the nasty creepy feelings he so often got when people were trying to explain things to him.

A day never passed when spies and saboteurs acting under his directions were not unmasked by the Thought Police.

Perhaps revolutions breed monsters? ' he would then wonder in alarm.

Teasing, teasing man!

Reacting by reflex, he leaped ahead and used the long flashlight to parry what he perceived as a thrust.

To the east the outflung arm of the mountains marched to a sudden end, and far lands could be descried beyond them, wide and vague.

Turning and looking backwards, over the vast two-mile bulk of the ship he could see the far denser mass of stars behind them which seemed to form almost a solid band.

Mr Jennings appraised Mr Charlton, of the tax-lark, with interested swiftness.

The Bank had been implicated in shady financial deals with the Masonic Lodge ...

After half an hour, when the twilight had coagulated into dark, the silent negro who was driving the buggy hailed an opaque body somewhere ahead of them in the gloo.

Here he was waylaid by Caleb, who had a finger buried in the slick leaves of a catalogue.

The reason why it was published in the form of a micro sub meson electronic component is that if it were printed in normal book form, an interstellar hitch hiker would require several inconveniently large buildings to carry it around in.

It will tell you for instance how to describe something that was about to happen to you in the past before you avoided it by time-jumping forward two days in order to avoid it.

The disembodied hand renewed its pressure on his right shoulder.

And he added bitterly that they would lull his suspicions and then ' grab ' him when he was least expecting it.

Jack thought he could, so his father told him to go by and by to the bridge, and see if she was there, and if so bid her come home to take tea with them.

The speech which this violent man delivered to the notables astonished them even more than his appearance :

" Not if you exclude the French, " said Doyle, trying to check his hunger from prompting him to pick up his bowl and drink.

He did not polemicize with the dominant movement of the day, Symbolism, but merely dissociated himself from it.

It withdrew again.

The Vizier magnanimously assigned his doctor to him and d'Avenat was delighted at this opportunity to enter French service.

On some announcements there is no elaborating.

" So why do you think that homosexual prostitution was such a problem under Theodosius, when both heterosexual and homosexual prostitution had been practiced fairly openly in the Empire up until then? "

Eventually the robot announced to the world that despite the full, frank and wide-ranging exchange of views the high level talks had broken down, the lizards had been retired, and that it, the robot would take a short holiday somewhere, and for some reason selected Bournemouth.

Such moments may provoke a satirical and disbelieving gawp.

A callgirl is a consultant, using her expertise and experience in seduction and giving pleasure to fulfill a verbal contract with a client who is paying her by the hour to complete an agreed-upon project.

But even the rayah of all three faiths, scattered over the steep outskirts or crowded together in their separate district, were filled with the same feeling, each in their own way and in accordance with their own condition.

Suffice it to say that not a trace of modesty did I perceive in this beautiful hardly formed young girl whom modern co-education, juvenile mores, the campfire racket and so forth had utterly and hopelessly depraved.

but it was plain enough, this beauty, this exquisite beauty, and tears filled his eyes as he looked at the smoke words languishing and melting in the sky and bestowing upon him, in their inexhaustible charity and laughing goodness, one shape after another of unimaginable beauty and signalling their intention to provide him, for nothing, for ever, for looking merely, with beauty, more beauty!

Now, months later in the Villa San Girolamo, in the hill town north of Florence, in the arbour room that is his bedroom, he reposes like the sculpture of the dead knight in Ravenna.

To invoke Gaia without this in mind is no more than a counsel to perfection.

Is it a sign of the approaching birth, or, even less than that, of the very first glow, low in the sky, of a day scarcely even heralded as yet, but in which we can already divine that thought - the thought that has been speaking for thousands of years without knowing what speaking is or even that it is speaking - is about to re-apprehend itself in its entirety, and to illumine itself once more in the lightning flash of being?

but the Christian religion didn ’ t last so long merely because everyone else believed it, because it was imposed by ruler and priesthood, because it was a means of social control, because it was the only story in town, and because if you didn ’ t believe it – or disbelieved it too vociferously – you might have a quickly truncated life.

The army became famous across the land as protectors - skilled executioners who wandered the countryside slaughtering any of the enemy they could find.

M. abhorred terror in all its forms.

We 'll see how it flourished in every age throughout world history, and we 'll start to ask why.

In fact, I had two or three of your ballads transcribed ...

A year ago he 'd been skiing in Utah with the boys.

' Now, Kitty, you may cough as much as you chuse, ' said Mr Bennet; and, as he spoke, he left the room, fatigued with the raptures of his wife.

My friend and I were just contemplating the meaning of life.

' I recognise a fellow sufferer, ' he said.

Attempts to model natural ecosystems that do not include environmental constraints, from the famous rabbits and foxes model of the biophysicist Alfred Lotka and his colleague Vito Volterra, to the latest attempts using complexity theory, all fail to produce the robust stability of a natural ecosystem.

The trumpet was joined by more trumpets.

The Vogon guard dragged them on.

Both are deceased. "

It groped until it found Langdon 's neck and clamped down.

He lay for a while in the silent dusty rubble to which most of the room had been reduced.

It was natural that a small town hodza could not maintain what a Grand Vezir had founded and which historical events had sentenced to disaster.

“ Is it perhaps in order, ” she demanded, “ to inquire what you ’ ve been doing all these months then?

He knew that the permit for the Austrian Consul had already been issued, but he let the Frenchman talk, thinking only what damage might be done and what advantage he would have from the clash between the two Consuls which was evidently about to begin.

Ford slowly lowered his hands.

She felt obliterated, expunged from the room, and was relieved.

Then he tried to quieten Ernest Straw down himself and succeeded to the extent that the furious accountant stopped raving and advanced to the point where his nerves brought on fits of crying.

A moment ’ s brisk towel work and he announced :

They drank a couple of sodas in the shade of the booth and then trudged out into the sun again.

The inexorable laws of celestial mechanics had decreed that Endeavour was the first, and the last, of all Man 's ships that would ever make contact with Rama.

No sooner had I got there that my former self, the one that operated on my brain, popped into my head and said ‘ Go see Zarniwoop ’.

They intercepted each other 's couriers, opened their letters, lured away or bribed their servants.

I welcomed this mysterious decision with blunt self-interest, since her Worker was now supplemented by China Reconstructs, a heretical magazine posted direct from the distant continent.

I am the Great Mother ... and I will warm and soothe you all ... you will be inside me and feel neither hunger nor fear ... nor cold ... I am the Great Mother ... in me there is warmth, in me alone the sun shines ... in me you will change, you forlorn little children ... I am the Great Mother ... and you, the children of change, Mother will gladden you and you will be children ... safe and sound ...

We 're going to contrast prostitution as a career choice with prostitution as another word for slavery.

The wall defied the imagination - seduced it and defeated it.

After she 'd hung up the phone, Ruth reconsidered her plans.

“ Family ’ s always embarrassing isn ’ t it? ” said Ford to Zaphod as the smoke began to clear.

" It was quite becoming.

' And never shut your eyes, ' Rooie always admonished the new girls.

Behind her, in the darkness of the alley, a green flickering glow was bathing Ford Prefect 's face, and his eyes were slowly widening in astonishment.

But theatre does not mediate that kind of help; it is not a church.

Even though, as I have pointed out, he had known approximately two hundred women ( plus the considerable lot that had accrued during his days as a window washer ), he had yet to be faced with a woman who was taller than he was, squinted at him, and fingered his anus.

" I 'll even be nice, " I said. " I wo n't penalize you this time, because perhaps you did n't understand the directions.

During this period, the initial non-uniformities would have been amplified until they were big enough to explain the origin of the structures we observe around us.

Baley found himself goggling at the size of the rooms and the way in which space was so carelessly distributed, but was thankful for the feel of the conditioned air.

The tantalizing aroma of mesquite-smoked meat lured them into barbecue joints.

He wanted to bundle Welch into the revolving door and whirl him round in it till lunch-time.

But do not deceive yourself into a belief that I will ever recede.

in the country they 'll either have to delegate authority to different bodies or just have to try and bother you by letter, telegram or telephone.

Watch it dissolve, spreading the fires of the Algolian Suns deep into the heart of the drink.

He would wake often, choking with heat from so many layers of woollen cushions and quilts, weighed down by the heavy Oriental foods, which were hard to eat and still harder to digest.

Langdon slumped.

Nonetheless, academic astonishment had somehow vetoed prudence.

Gavin joined his friends who were once again congregated in and around Craig 's pickup.

If you enjoy your ride, which will be swift and pleasurable, then you may care to experience some of the other elevators which have recently been installed in the offices of the Galactic tax department, Boobiloo Baby Foods and the Sirian State Mental Hospital, where many ex-Sirius Cybernetics Corporation executives will be delighted to welcome your visits, sympathy, and happy tales of the outside world. ”

“ We ’ ve sided with the Arabs too at times, ” Macauley reminds him.

If your travel plans today do not include Los Angeles, now would be the perfect time to disembark. "

Slowly the deer would approach, step by step, until it was almost nuzzling him, whereupon Ford Prefect would reach out to it and break its neck.

This doesn ’ t change the history of the Earth, you see, this is the history of the Earth.

A mathematical theory of languages was created by the linguist Noam Chomsky, inspired by linguistic problems, and the logical theory of semantics predominates today, particularly in linguistic sentence analysis.

The women drew their children slightly closer to them.

Then in order to have some kind of rest, to calm and comfort himself, he would think, when he was in bed :

Where could he hide?

They would even scrutinise a small scar on the left knee and imagine it to be a souvenir of a skiing accident earlier in the year.

The blades clanged wetly, and then Herrena was forced to back away as a cunning upward sweep from Cohen nearly disarmed her.

From that vantage point condescend to accept my characterization, as to the point, as ... ’ – and he hiccupped. "

Tomorrow you will report to the officer of the day.

It was soon obvious that Dragonfly handled much better at lower altitudes; she no longer rolled around at any angle but stabilized so that her wings were parallel to the plain seven kilometres below.

Dixon looked over and saw that the two performers, tuning evidently completed, music set up and bow resined, were hanging about smoking and chatting.

He 's going to shuffle the deck by putting out a press release saying that Henrik Vanger is an old has-been who 's still trying to steal some business from him, and then he 'll probably claim that he was acting on orders from Henrik.

It was clear to him that this morning he had irretrievably lost something and now he was striving to compensate for that loss with a trivial substitute, which took the form of belated action.

Setsuko, without turning from the garden, said : ' Suichi believes it 's better he likes cowboys than that he idolize people like Miyamoto Musashi.

Wheretofore we did disburse, to the Cadi and the Emin, a Cine of 148 groats.

Clousarr squirmed.

He sighed and put it down again.

He was feeling sorry for himself, and lamenting the fact that his life could have changed so suddenly and so drastically.

' This is to certify that the Bearer, Nikolai Ivanovich, spent the night in question at Satan 's Ball, having been enticed there in a vehicular capacity ...

But astoundingly, the fearsome invaders who, like most warlike races were only on the rampage because they could n't cope with things at home, were stunned by Versenwald 's extraordinary breakthroughs, joined in the celebrations and were instantly prevailed upon to sign a wide-ranging series of trading agreements and set up a programme of cultural exchanges.

She was a short, fragile-boned girl, one of those girls who develop very quickly and become mature women in miniature, so that the combination of their childish bearing and unexpectedly mature forms constantly surprise and mislead.

I was outraged, but he was right;

The odour of the food diffuses up into the nasal cavity, where the olfactory membrane is located.

It took a while to coax her back into the cage.

For two further days they scrambled and climbed over the rocks and glaciers, awe-struck with beauty.

And then perhaps, even at this late moment, by exercise of skill and judgment he could save this child, salving, at least in some measure, his conscience and integrity.

Surely a writer as logical, as precise and as honest as Kafka must have meant something with his paradoxes, must have intended some hidden communication, must have wanted to create his own myth, his own legend about the world, some great, revolutionary message which perhaps he only surmised and was therefore unable to express clearly; he only adumbrated it, and it is up to us to decipher it and give it precise shape.

greatness was passing, hidden, down Bond Street, removed only by a hand's-breadth from ordinary people who might now, for the first time and last, be within speaking distance of the majesty of England, of the enduring symbol of the state which will be known to curious antiquaries, sifting the ruins of time, when London is a grassgrown path and all those hurrying along the pavement this Wednesday morning are but bones with a few wedding rings mixed up in their dust and the gold stoppings of innumerable decayed teeth.

" It takes thirty seconds to download a programme from the Net that can crack Word 's encryption protection. "

It split, it ripped.

Without a word, Langdon slipped out the door and skirted the press, who were now entering the church in droves.

She hurried to stop the water and immerse herself.

He tried to impose order now on the random movement before him, and almost succeeded : marshalling centres, warrant officers behind makeshift desks, rubber stamps and dockets, roped-off lines towards the waiting boats;

Of fifteen who had been taken ill only two died and the epidemic was limited to the village of Uvac and stamped out at its source.

Still lusted for that jailbreak.

' Yes, I suppose so, ' Welch said, coldly this time, as if he were being asked to make some concession which, though theoretically due, no decent man would claim.

I FIND A QUEEN.

So on a summer 's day waves collect, overbalance, and fall;

He undressed and toppled into bed.

I will not, I cannot, I must not, I durst not, I shall not certify these scum-flecked, maggot-riddled, tertiary-syphilitic national parliamentary election results! "

I had intended to try again at some later date to draw my friend into my confidence, but as it turned out, I was pre-empted by events.

“ By virtue of my three feathers may the shutters slash and bang till morning, and John not be able to fasten them nor yet to get his fingers free from them. ”

" No one ever contested T. Dan 's story?

They have told me that they might set charges, to level you completely, but I think that it was said more to bring me down, rather than you.

He held his black, hairy fists clenched in his lap, and on every hair there glistened a tiny drop of sweat.

All children were to be begotten by artificial insemination ( artsem, it was called in Newspeak ) and brought up in public institutions.

In order that some sense of mystery should still be preserved, no revelation will yet be made concerning whose upper arm sustained the bruise.

After a few days a certain regularity was established.

Gimme the briefcase, you skunk! ' said the other creature in the same nasal voice that had come through the telephone, and wrenched the briefcase out of Varenukha 's trembling hands.

It fell at last, and then the walls were razed.

But the man had not been deterred then, and was not deterred now.

The natural conclusion of all these internal conflicts was the thought of death which always lurks on the frontiers of every dream of happiness.

“ Because you feared the board and I would vote to license it out? ”

He leans forward, puffs soft air across the moth.

Malamud 's sixteen-year-old daughter coated the wounds on the back of the unfortunate private with cod-liver oil.

The town soon began to move downwards from the hillside to the water 's edge and expand and develop more and more about the bridge and around the caravanserai, which the people called the Stone Han.

" The purpose of having the sun go low in the evenings, in the summer, especially in parks, " said the voice earnestly, " is to make girl 's breasts bob up and down more clearly to the eye.

They gazed a little longer, till Zaphod suddenly pulled himself together.

He dreamed at one point in his slumbers of New York.

He was furious with the rich because they had plenty and spent and squandered it, but he passionately hated those who had nothing, that black, eternal poverty, that dragon with a million insatiable mouths.

" I think there 's a story in it, " confided the journalist over a cigarette shared through the steel link fence, " but it needs a good local angle.

The hodja had already prepared the body, because those three citizens had confirmed that the doctor had clearly stated three times, of his own free will, that he was prepared to receive the Islamic faith and that he was already a better Muslim than many who proclaimed themselves Turks around the Travnik bazaar.

Upon a high crest of moor, the lieutenant stands statuesque, field-glasses raised, surveying the plains, river, road and distant castle, seeking out her prey.

Two efficient villagers go down and retrieve the body;

He was torn and jolted, found fingers in his mouth ana bit them.

Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might just feel the same way about him and, what ’ s more, be able to do something about helping to postpone this reunion.

In repose, when she was unaware of being spied on – and what a little spy I was! – she would hold her head at an acute downward tilt, her eyes hooded and her shallowly cleft chin tucked into her shoulder.

" I would n't do anything to jeopardize Wick 's recovery, " he said irritably.

Not particularly warm water, it must be said, as they hadn ’ t yet worked out a way of heating it.

A hollow, metallic tapping had begun on the line, like galvanised iron being hammered in a cathedral.

