" What if you ... postulate ... that he 's making a dropoff and a new abduction on the same trip? "

A butterfly flaps its wings in the Amazonian jungle, and subsequently a storm ravages half of Europe.

So he raised his chin and began to strut past them, without apparently noticing they were there, all the while composing in his head a letter ( Sirs, this evening I noted with distress a large number of hooligans on motorbicycles infesting Our Fair Village.

It is the work of a religious organization or sect whose democratic program stresses an egalitarian vision of the world of the dead, a vision that is doubtless inspired by some biblical precept and aims at redressing human injustices and granting all God 's creatures an equal place in eternity.

Well now, my helmet had a strap broken, so it had, and Bob 's was there, good as new, so I just swopped them over, do you see - '

If, on this particular day, afternoon, stretch of eveningtime - call it what you will - you had approached the second pavement cafe on the right you would have seen the usual crowd of UM- Betans chatting, drinking, looking very relaxed, and casually glancing at each other ’ s watches to see how expensive they were.

Once it had a soul, it would probably feel intense pain if somebody tweaked its green rubber nose as Agnes was now doing.

The more she begged and scolded, the more he shook his head; and when at last she lost patience and cried that the fairies would surely come and fetch him away, he only laughed and said he wished they would, for he would like one to play with.

The old man seemed to crumple in the middle, tottering forward.

But there would still have to be a mechanism to foster the short-term continuation of that long-term benefit.

The horses stamped on the other side of the feeding racks and the halter chains clinked.

To summarize : it is a well known fact, that those people who most want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it.

“ Oh, ” said Arthur brightly, “ you mean we ’ ve travelled in time but not in space. ”

He was clinging to the face of a curving sixteen-kilometre-high cliff, the upper half of which overhung completely until it merged into the arched roof of What was now the sky.

His first act upon entering the small shower cubicle was to draw up the moisture-proof flap on his blaster holster and clip it down firmly all about.

" The beams, " was the stiff reply, " are put out by the Master for his own purposes.

Langdon wondered how a handicapped man could possibly have overpowered the camerlegno.

The event - if it can be called such - has been described, with negligible variations and modifications, by many authors, and I shall keep to the version provided by Chaim Frankel - the advantage of his narrative residing in the fact that it recapitulates the views of other disciples who have written about the Master.

“ Well what happened you see was, ” said the Captain, “ our planet, the world from which we have come, was, so to speak, doomed. ”

Or so I imagine I ’ m told.

“ But the cavemen are dying out and the Golgafrinchans are obviously set to replace them. ”

Luckily M., unlike Gumilev, felt no need of disciples and could not stomach imitators.

Over time, opponents of the church, wanting to emulate the Illuminati, began believing the lies and acting them out.

If you enjoy your ride, which will be swift and pleasurable, then you may care to experience some of the other elevators which have recently been installed in the offices of the Galactic tax department, Boobiloo Baby Foods and the Sirian State Mental Hospital, where many ex-Sirius Cybernetics Corporation executives will be delighted to welcome your visits, sympathy, and happy tales of the outside world. ”

They pressed themselves back against the cold wall and listened furiously.

With a subtle roar the engines cut back in, the ship smoothly flattened out of its dive and headed back towards the missiles again.

“ If I ever meet myself, ” said Zaphod, “ I ’ ll hit myself so hard I won ’ t know what ’ s hit me. ”

To Miss Kilman she was always very, very nice, but Miss Kilman squashed the flowers all in a bunch, and had n't any small talk, and what interested Miss Kilman bored her mother, and Miss Kilman and she were terrible together;

On the terrace, Madame Daville 's hyacinths were long since over, the white ones and the coloured ones, the double and the single ones, but now the edges of the beds were blooming with red pelargoniums and tiny violet Alpine flowers.

Breadth is a sign of wealth and importance; continuity denotes good fortune, discontinuity ill fortune.

It beat the top of the sea into a mist, it pounded the trees, it churned and slopped a stretch of scrubby land near the sea into a mudbath.

“ Perhaps, ” interrupted the green blur who had by this time resolved into the shape of a small wizened dark-suited green waiter, “ perhaps you would care to discuss the matter over drinks ... ”

Spell-check! he exhorted a student who 'd written " Trolius " for " Troilus " throughout her eight-page paper.

He considered this method flawless and propagated it among his friends : ' The important thing is to abide by the rule of threes.

“ Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, ” she said sweetly, “ Thank you for bearing with us during this slight delay.

Ford considered opening this idea up for debate but quickly decided that that way madness lay.

The Shire, I forebode, is not free now from peril;

The proper drugs can be prescribed.

What is left that does not necessitate coercion, and thus demand that we reduce ourselves to the level of the common rapist or the menial torturer, that miserable breed who can only achieve their purpose through the material overpowering of others?

Feeling a little less disturbed, Dixon went round with it to the library and obtained, with almost sinister promptitude, a book on medieval costume and furniture.

So when, despite my gut-felt certainty of doom, we arrive back at the castle uncrashed, not ambushed, and find it hale and whole and everyone within it present and correct, my earlier dread vanishes like mist before the wind, and I feel a curious sense of victory, and even, contrarily, of vindication.

These works of art were tacked to the windows, where they 'll stay until we come out of hiding.

The building had vanished, completely smashed, pulverised, and dispersed by the blow.

His asthma and attacks of heavy coughing would interrupt his conversation at any moment, but for a wonder this did not spoil it but made it seem the more convincing and his whole manner of expressing himself had a sort of heavy and painful dignity, which it was not easy to resist.

The long war combined with Venice 's isolation had dampened spirits and accentuated a general feeling of stagnation.

A knock at his door was followed so quickly by the entry of Bertrand that he only had time to stop gibbering and straighten his body.

' So victory is shorn of gladness, and it is bitter bought, if both Gondor and Rohan are in one day bereft of their lords.

All the clouds knew was that they loved him and wanted to be near him, to cherish him, and to water him.

It felt good to have helped make that happen, to have been part of stimulating something inside their brains or hearts that caused them to care so passionately, and - oh wonder of wonders! - so near the end of term.

the gun barks on, hardly pausing.

Dixon was savouring his defensive triumph.

“ It was the world 's largest free-standing dome until 1960 when it was eclipsed by the Superdome in New Orleans! ”

The youths who had brought him clapped him on the back and congratulated him that Pasa had chosen him from so many and had shown him greater attention than anyone else had ever obtained from her.

But she could hardly remember a greater pleasure than at the end, when she squared off the completed pile of pages – one hundred and three! – and felt at the tips of her raw fingers the weight of her creation.

The officers watched them running to the fountain and soaking their snowballs in water, to make them heavier.

The costs of transport have soared and are still rising.

Need I tell you that M. O. often tried to break the bonds that kept him fettered " on a double chain, like anchors. "

How could he have been excited when his body was debilitated by a gastric disorder?

That Vendla commuted to work from New York ( thus flouting the college 's informal requirement that faculty live in town ), and that she skipped important meetings and taught every gut she could, had been steady sources of comfort to Chip.

It was a rather silly, dispiriting name, such as an unlovely maiden aunt might vote herself if she could n't sustain the name Fenella properly.

And even the animals the Vizier had brought to Travnik, angora cats, parrots and monkeys, did not stir, shriek or entertain their master, instead they lay huddled in corners, dejected and silent, waiting for the sun to warm and cheer them.

The tension eased as the rain subsided.

The Austrian Consul was received only when he requested an audience and discussions with him were short, politely cold and formal.

Before such problems are rejected as non-scientific and as such not lending themselves to scientific investigation, they must be classified and identified; they must be assessed in terms of contemporary methodology and the state of the art in the given field as well as their truth value.

Johnny was a gentleman, one of the last in a declining business being quickly overrun by younger men who were greedier and nastier.

The rain was still falling, but the darkness had parted in the west, and there was a pink and golden billow of foamy clouds above the sea.

I now had the parameters by which others would measure my work, and I had learned the names of some of the commonsense parts of the whole I had already envisioned, but it would be a while yet before I would have enough information and enough observations to begin making sense out of what was happening with the cubs ' lives, not only for myself but to convince others that my conclusions were valid.

Wanting to shake the corporals off, he quickened his pace, overtook the Scotsmen and pushed his way past a group of nuns shepherding a couple of dozen children in blue tunics.

He pointed a swaying finger.

He knew that the bridge had been mined and thought of that continually, asking himself whether one such shell could ignite the explosives should it penetrate to the charge.

A majority of attacks on communication networks seem to be perpetrated in areas ...

' All that is foreign book-learning, my good fellow, ' answered Stikovic, ' which vanishes before the living impetus of awakened nationalist forces among the Serbs and then among the Croats and Slovenes also, though tending to one aim.

' I do n't quite know whatâ € ¦ ' he mumbled.

The wooden gate resounded dully when they knocked.

But he also brought with him a feeling of strict attention to everything that was the Vezir 's will or order, but like a calm, normal and honest man who had nothing to be afraid of and nothing to conceal, so that he had no need to frighten or persecute anyone.

Rather unceremoniously seating themselves near my precious coat, on a bench adjacent to the court, they fell to admiring very vocally a rally of some fifty exchanges that Lo innocently helped me to foster and uphold - until there occurred a syncope in the series causing her to gasp as her overhead smash went out of court, whereupon she melted into winsome merriment, my golden pet.

The police battle had moved off to other sectors of the city, the few surviving members of the rock band had agreed to recognize their musical differences and pursue solo careers, the street theatre group were re-emerging from the pasta restaurant with the pack animal, telling it they would take it to a bar they knew where it would be treated with a little respect, and a little way further on the steel grey limousine was parked silently by the kerbside.

Now that something had happened which really deserved a face, he 'd none to celebrate it with.

Wisdom is the virtuous reward for those who patiently examine the workings of the human heart and the human brain, who process experience and thus acquire an understanding of life : isn ’ t it?

We are now cruising at a level of two to the power of twenty-five thousand to one against and falling, and we will be restoring normality just as soon as we are sure what is normal anyway.

Since at that time of year everything was sprouting, bursting into leaf, she seemed to him a part - a humanized and separate part - of that luxuriant vegetal world.

By now the day itself, breezy and bright, seemed to exude derision and a generalised merriment.

To revenge crime is important, but to prevent it is more so.

" You sound like you do n't subscribe to that set of rules. "

" Clear the way, please, " boomed a police megaphone from the back of the crowd.

Zooming in, he could now see the exact location of the signal.

However, as if to bait him with the knowledge that such coincidences could in fact happen, fate had chosen to reunite him with the lorry driver he had encountered there last time.

He washed his face and hands, cleaned his teeth, went to the lavatory, realized that he had once again got this all in the wrong order, had to wash his hands again and went to bed.

I socked him over the head with a fence picket to make him let go.

perhaps they had been commiserating with each other, as wives who lived safely on different planets were liable to do under sufficient provocation.

For instance, a race of hyperintelligent pan-dimensional beings once built themselves a gigantic supercomputer called Deep Thought to calculate once and for all the Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything.

“ Oh, ” said Arthur brightly, “ you mean we ’ ve travelled in time but not in space. ”

The people wondered and felt insulted for a time and then began to grow accustomed to them, as they had grown accustomed to so many other innovations, even though they did not approve them.

He worked well and earned much.

Not finding anything fresh to say, he went on calling Alihodza a traitor, ironically recommending him to get baptized before the Schwabes came.

Under their Sunday best their thighs chafe in remembered delight.

' If you 're still there, Mr. Dixon, ' Mrs. Welch said after a moment, in a voice sharpened to excoriation by the intervening few miles of line, ' I 'd like to tell you that if you make one more attempt to interfere in my son 's or my affairs, then I shall have to ask my husband to take the matter up with you from a disciplinary point of view, and also that other matter of theâ € ¦ '

As for hunters as a whole, they further the goals of the wildlife manager, who seeks to protect populations of animals from becoming either so small that they are no longer viable or so large that starvation and disease can threaten the population as a whole.

He hurried on.

As soon as spring breaks I shall be here once more and shall call everyone to account. '

His first reaction was to wonder whether, as the representative of the great Napoleon, he ought to tolerate all of this or whether he ought immediately to turn back and make a scandal.

I ’ ve lugged it to New Orleans, Nantucket, all over Europe, Morocco, the West Indies.

A relay chain of identical creatures had approached Camp Alpha and carried off all the debris that had been neatly stacked on the outskirts;

She swivels around in her chair, looks toward the long expanse of windows at the back of the courtroom.

The date was underlined.

And even then, there was a very small part of me - the Peter Pan part of me that 's in all of us, the one that resists growing up and resents responsibility - part of me was jealous of her, closed in her apartment with the shades down, ignoring the real world, sucking that sweet intense oblivion from the crack pipe, and not feeling anything at all.

The Midpac had already repulsed one unwelcome suitor when it came under the acquisitive gaze of Hillard and Chauncy Wroth, fraternal twin brothers from Oak Ridge, Tennessee, who had expanded a family meat-packing business into an empire of the dollar.

While Roger mimed the terror of the pig, the littluns ran and jumped on the outside of the circle.

With these thoughts, she climbed up the edge of the hill, striding as though she were stepping across a large, deep stage.

Without hesitation Dixon advanced further.

They packed the baggage space with two suitcases of personal effects, two bags of food, and a rolled-up blanket in a fresh plaid cover with a pillow - after all, she opined, they could n't sleep in the same one that poor girl ...

The tumult of Elizabeth 's mind was allayed by this conversation.

Julius Enderby tramped the floor before his desk, up and down, up and down.

Behind him in the backseat was a girl who had made him crack his head on the door as he climbed in.

That night, at home, as he was prancing round the house pretending to be tripping through cornfields in slow motion and continually exploding with sudden laughter, Arthur thought he could even bear to listen to the album of bagpipe music he had won.

The man from Plevlje ordered them to bind the prisoner more securely.

but the full scale of the problem is not always appreciated.

He was afraid of all eccentricity even though it also strongly attracted him, and when he committed some eccentricity he subsequently tried to trim it down so as to keep it within the bounds of that sunny equanimity which he sometimes identified with beauty.

I thought you might n't believe any of this, so when I called her this time I used the telephone answering machine to record the call. "

Galus then described all the advantages and beauties of the new national state which was to rally all the Southern Slavs around Serbia as a sort of Piedmont on the basis of complete national unity, religious tolerance and civil equality.

' Straighten your legs, please, ' the man said.

Zaphod felt he was teetering on the edge of madness and wondered if he shouldn ’ t just jump over and have done with it.

All the important changes have happened before the things they were supposed to change and it all sorts itself out in the end.

A young Vl ’ Hurg officer and his green steaming young lady passed through the large smoked glass doors at the far end of the bar into the dazzling light of the main body of the Restaurant beyond.

They parted like two men who did not have much to say to each other, for each was too preoccupied and weighed down by his own worries.

At first they had passed through hobbit-lands, a wild respectable country inhabited by decent folk, with good roads, an inn or two, and now and then a dwarf or a farmer ambling by on business.

A lot of what I was reading about shocked the hell out of me, too.

Fragments of crystal strewed the floor, the mirror over the fireplace was starred with bullet holes, plaster dust flew everywhere, ejected cartridge cases pattered to the floor, window panes shattered and paraffin began to spurt from the punctured tank of the Primus.

I could just see them out there in the parking lot, most of them sitting in their cars to keep warm, chatting away on cell phones, billing somebody.

That was the source of his dehumanization of history; as though, from age to age, history were drifting somewhere high above us in a kind of fatal superworld, as though it were taking its own course, which had nothing to do with us and was utterly impenetrable, as though history were a clever divinity that could only destroy us, cheat us, misuse us, or - at best - play jokes on us.

Parts of each spill in transit, trickling into other ones, distorting and corrupting their own conversations and adding to the general clatter — but Serge knows that, in methodically capturing and relocating one after the other, he ’ ll eventually unearth the one he ’ s looking for, the special chamber.

She knew more about the classics of literature than I ( and, I 'll venture to guess, you ) ever will.

He peered at it, but was unable to discern any clear shape,

A tall aristocratically fair girl, so fair that her hair was almost barley-white, with a figure like a reed and enormous pellucid olive eyes, had Pop so transfixed that, for a moment, he was almost unnerved.

Langdon closed his eyes and waited, forcing his pupils to dilate so he could see better in the dark.

Vittoria turned her face skyward and inhaled deeply, as if the sun 's rays somehow transferred to her some mystical replenishing energy.

I sent the Bombay priests after him, I got you intoxicated at Hong Kong, I separated you from him, and I made him miss the Yokohama steamer. "

This vigorous young man with his locksmith 's cap on his head was one of those humble men who are always sufficient to themselves and do not think of comparing themselves with others, but calmly and thankfully accept whatever life offers to them and give simply and naturally all they can.

Wittgenstein was now opposed to logical atomism and its tenet that the world is mirrored in language.

How, I asked him, could I possibly be expected to have any understanding of, or sensible opinions about, a play like Phèdre when I had only the remotest experience of the volcanic emotions depicted in it?

“ Set her down and let her work at this. ”

If I consider why I 'm here, it 's basically for a rather odd reason : when those Soviet war chariots rolled in, I shot myself for fear I 'd shit myself all over again later on and let myself be edified to the point where I could be edified no longer.

Now an adult, she was beginning to impinge on Squirty 's territory around the clearing.

They shivered.

Naturally, none of them knew why he hopped in so droll a manner and took abrupt little steps, and none of them could see the burns from the chains which crossed his chest like great belts, for his shirt and cloak hid them.

It had previously been more conventionally attached to the original owner of the bar, who on his deathbed had unexpectedly bequeathed it to medical science.

Burning fossil fuels produces 27, 000 million tons of carbon dioxide yearly, enough, as I mentioned earlier, to make, if solidified, a mountain nearly one mile high and with a base twelve miles in circumference.

They did not even bring lies or guesses that could have roused a person out of all kinds of forebodings.

You have to admire the lively imagination of the people who mint these maxims.

He grasped Arthur by the arm.

I knew, I noticed ... sometimes she 'd hum along and harmonize.

After this the conversation was bound to falter, for when two people are really talking together, their words spark and set light to each other, but in this case they slipped past one another, each on its own account.

Dutifully, we divide our lives into sections, just as popular historians like to divide a century into decades and affix a spurious character to each of them.

To my amazement he is also a foreman, he even drives a car and it looks as if he is checking on our work, not by official authority but so he can grass on us.

They brag to all and sundry that they are building roads which will ease the flow of traffic between Bosnia and Dalmatia, but they have no idea how the Turks mistrust them. '

On the other approach, which can broadly be termed structuralist ( but in a broader sense than under 2.2 ), language is perceived, following de Saussure, Wittgenstein and others, as an entity in which the means and expressions are determined by the values which they have in the system, or which they acquire in the language game ( Harris, cf. 3.2 ).

It is at best a tiny part of the tale, applicable in a small minority or having a small influence easily overridden by other factors.

" I spare not a single unit of thought on[ ]these cybernetic simpletons! " he boomed.

Before his inward sight appeared the memory of those soldiers whom he had seen six years before, concealed beneath a green tent, digging at that very pier, and he recalled the picture of that iron manhole which in later years had covered the entrance into the mined interior of the pier, and also the enigmatic yet eloquent face of Sergeant-Major Brankovic, deaf, blind and dumb.

To which the answer is, of course, mind your own business.

And if you find these sorts of studies hard to believe, then most of them have been replicated in some form or another using mice or rats.

He looked out at the other media vans in the distance and watched Macri tailing the mysterious couple across the piazza.

The fairest thing you can say about them, then, is that they know what they like, and what they like generally involves hurting people and, wherever possible, getting very angry.

He righted it, licked his finger and rubbed at a spot of parking-lot grime on the chintz.

The whole of the little Austrian community assembled round the tree.

The feeling that she could outrun anything.

He passed it fleetingly and tried to feel for it again, but it eluded him like the other card with an apple on it in Pelmanism.

Number Two marched behind them barking the occasional order about not making any false moves or trying any funny stuff.

The first-mentioned was, that, regardless of the sentiments of either, I had detached Mr Bingley from your sister, - and the other, that I had, in defiance of various claims, in defiance of honour and humanity, ruined the immediate prosperity and blasted the prospects of Mr Wickham.

Zaphod muttered a bewildered and embarrassed apology.

Dixon sweated quietly as the talk went on, trying to repel the persistent half recollection or half illusion of having casually told Margaret a couple of days previously that he 'd ring her up at the Welches ' the next night - which was now last night.

“ But I ’ ve just had a report that a representative of Disaster Area met with the environmentalists at lunchtime, and had them all shot, so nothing now lies in the way of ... ”

For a moment the Captain did not answer.

Each evening they both would organize and stage patriotic speeches on the bunks.

Actually I daresay it was nothing but middle-class Russian courtesy ( with an oriental tang, perhaps ) that had prompted the good colonel ( Maximovich! his name suddenly taxies back to me ), a very formal person as they all are, to muffle his private need in decorous silence so as not to underscore the small size of his host 's domicile with the rush of a gross cascade on top of his own hushed trickle.

Everybody grumbled about the weak tea, which was the colour of baby 's urine.

Paging " Freight check to Women 's Clothing " means somebody is shoplifting in that department.

It enraged him that anyone could be found who dared to undertake anything against his work or his intentions despite his proverbial harshness which he cultivated as a special subject for pride.

Days like these drove them out of their houses, for they did not prepare winter stores, and even those who did not turn their heads to look at anyone during the summer, now had to come out and earn, borrow or beg, to make money ' out of nowhere and bring it home.

But ‘ forgotten ’ here is only a comparative term, meaning : fall out of fashion, be used up, seen through, superseded, judged too superficial – or, for that matter, too ponderous, too serious – for a later age.

After a while I destroyed the letter and went to my room, and ruminated, and rumpled my hair, and modeled my purple robe, and moaned through clenched teeth and suddenly - Suddenly, gentlemen of the jury, I felt a Dostoevskian grin dawning ( through the very grimace that twisted my lips ) like a distant and terrible sun.

To showcase just one brave stranger.

Daville 's middle son was two years old and until then had been thriving - unlike his younger brother born in Split on their way to Travnik, who had always been delicate.

To those who reproached him for ruining himself trying to preserve what could not be preserved, he replied that he was investing the money well for he gave it as a loan to God and that he, the mutevelia, should be the last to desert this bequest which it seemed all others had deserted and abandoned.

" You mean co-operate with him 100 per cent, except that I cut his throat?

Part of his brain told him that he knew perfectly well what he was looking at and what the shapes represented whilst another quite sensibly refused to countenance the idea and abdicated responsibility for any further thinking in that direction.

Lights were burning in the outbuildings on the south side where the officers of the Roman cohort and the Legate of the Legion were quartered, and there were signs of movement and life.

Her pitiful screams for help forced us to backtrack and rescue her.

" Zeleny! " Chvatalova-Sukova ejaculated sotto voce amidst the music.

But the novelist ( me again ) is less interested in the exact nature of that truth, more in the nature of the believers, the manner in which they hold their beliefs, and the texture of the ground between the competing narratives.

It is also of course stupefyingly dangerous - those who don ’ t die riding invariably die of sexual exhaustion at one of the Daedalus Club ’ s Apres-Flare parties.

Blackened, dusty and in rags, they replied curtly to the questions of the peaceable Visegrad Turks and made ready to dig trenches and defend the bridge.

( For his part, the Vizier complained with much justification that the reason he could not dispatch his army against Serbia was the indolence, disorder and dissension among the Bosnians. )

Well, Signora Toffana sympathised with those poor women and sold them some liquid in a bladder.

There were still a few hours before the next bus was due to leave, so I set off, impelled by the disquiet within me, out of the village and into the fields, trying as I went to drive from my mind all thoughts of that day.

Knocking about with Zaphod for a bit promised to be a lot of fun, though there seemed to be something faintly odd about his semi-cousin that he could n't put his finger on.

He dipped his head and settled his mouth on hers.

I 'm shamed to say I was paralyzed by the sight, I could n't budge from that spot.

Through their field glasses they could see every movement made by the Red troops besieging the town.

Enmeshed in her wild words ( swell chance ...

It pawed rather condescendingly at the piece of fish the man was holding out, and then got distracted by a piece of dust on the floor.

