Legally, the U.S. Embassy could intervene and extradite guilty citizens back to the United States, where they received nothing more than a slap on the wrist.

Please specify meaning of phrase " sudden onset ".

Pop sat down at the table and drummed on it with the handles of his knife and fork, whistling Come to the cook-house door, boys through his teeth.

Most of the others secretly believe that the ultimate decision-making process is handled by a computer.

You wanna come over? "

They lit a small fire down under the gnarled roots of an old pine, that hung over a shallow pit : it looked as if stone had once been quarried there.

“ Go into the building, Ms. Vetra, look around, exit the building, then call and tell me what you see. ”

The idea is if we do n't look out the white race will be - will be utterly submerged.

They seemed to him to run like the wind and to grow swiftly larger and darker, as their courses converged with his.

After a while he got it, or at least the best silence he could hope for under the circumstances : the circumstances were that the bagpiper was spontaneously composing a national anthem.

I recalled walking in the street with Anna one day after all her hair had fallen out and she spotted passing by on the opposite pavement a woman who was also bald.

And representation itself was to be paralleled, limited, circumscribed, mocked perhaps, but in any case regulated from the outside, by the enormous thrust of a freedom, a desire, or a will, posited as the metaphysical converse of consciousness.

" You know, Mrs. Fisher, that aiding and abetting is a felony. "

So far, Dixon 's efforts on behalf of his special subject, apart from thinking how much he hated it, had been confined to aiming to secure for it the three prettiest girls in the class, one of whom was Michie 's girl, while excluding from it Michie himself.

Czechs know best what ails other Czechs.

" You 've obviously been working hard, you 're drenched with sweat poor darling. "

Then he abandoned these fancies, recognising their origin as a desire to escape from the thought that he 'd have to go on with this Christine business, he 'd have to press his advantage if he wanted to retain what he already held.

Afterward, basking in his glory, he would stand on the balcony and savor the culmination of the Illuminati triumph ... a revenge desired by so many for so long.

When the program aired in Britain, despite its ensemble cast and well-documented evidence, the premise rubbed so hard against the grain of popular Christian thought that it instantly confronted a firestorm of hostility.

The guards unbolted the door and pulled it open.

His fingers, tongue and lips had swollen to twice their normal size.

“ May I remind you sir, ” hissed Number Two at the Captain, “ that you have now been in that bath for over three years?! ”

The wall defied the imagination - seduced it and defeated it.

But, then it was seen that these lean scholars, shrivelled, sapless men, could, like lice, withstand the cold better than the soldiers.

While Mrs Vaughn had once epitomized furtiveness by her hesitant and darting movements in the driveway - both on her way to model and on her way back to her car - she now approached every new opportunity to pose with the resignation of a dog submitting to a beating.

In an attempt to egg them along, Arthur set out a number of letters on the board himself, and then tried to encourage the natives to add some more themselves.

Their conversation was usually about some new incomprehensible and sinister measure of the occupation authorities, or of those Turks who were more and more accommodating themselves to the new order.

And, like all easily excited people who are unsure of themselves, he found it hard to distinguish truth from falsehood and vacillated constantly between unfounded suspicion and excessive trust.

With a sudden bursting click the door yielded and Welch overbalanced backwards, hitting his head on the panel behind him.

You deliberately chose the Williamsburg power plant in order to incriminate me.

And now with half-bared chest, bareheaded, bleeding, twisted and crumpled, he looked more like an ageing and battered peasant of Sokolovici than the dignitary who until a short time before had administered the Turkish Empire.

Today we know much more about these things, and we are steadily learning how to transplant Eastern ways of understanding into this society.

Whenever he spoke, it looked as if the muscles on either side of his mouth were clambering over each other to get out of the way.

Zaphod looked up at him from where he was sitting in a corner sharing unspoken thoughts with Marvin.

And why go looking for other possibilities now, since they could never be fully elucidated and the Consulate would never be able to obtain the kind of satisfaction it wished.

If you tell me any lies, or attempt to prevaricate in any way, or even fall below your usual level of intelligence, you will cry out with pain, instantly.

She was more alive to the disgrace which the want of new clothes must reflect on her daughter 's nuptials, than to any sense of shame at her eloping and living with Wickham a fortnight before they took place.

There is What We Know ( or think we know ) To Be The Case, there is What We Believe To Be The Case ( on the assurance of others whom we trust ), and then there is How We Behave.

Her brother 's recommendation was enough to ensure her favour : his judgment could not err, and he had spoken in such terms of Elizabeth as to leave Georgiana without the power of finding her otherwise than lovely and amiable.

One effect that still lingered though, was his joy at being back.

AND TONIGHT HE WAS FORCED TO USE IT AS A MAKESHIFT CODE.

The first remarks that this professor made to you dispelled all my doubts.

He brought out his cigarettes and, while lighting two of these and getting more drinks, he meditated on Margaret 's capacity for talking like this at no notice.

I was sometimes quite provoked, but then I recollected my dear Elizabeth and Jane, and for their sakes had patience with her.

On the morning of Chip 's conception she 'd merely looked like she was shamming sleep, but on the morning of Denise 's, seven years later, she really was pretending.

He had almost exhausted his polite little waiter repertoire and would soon be slipping into his role of a rather tight lipped and sarcastic little waiter.

It is trying, in effect, to anchor the rights and limitations of a formal logic in a reflection of the transcendental type, and also to link transcendental subjectivity to the implicit horizon of empirical contents, which it alone contains the possibility of constituting, maintaining, and opening up by means of infinite explicitations.

Langdon gave an exhausted smile and reminded her that it was SHE who deserved thanks - her ability to practically dislocate her shoulders had just saved them both.

She cited adultery.

I do not know what came over me to blurt it out like that.

At the memory, Dixon rolled his eyes together like marbles and sucked in his cheeks to give a consumptive or wasted appearance to his face, moaning loudly as he crossed the sunlit street to his front door.

You 've asked nothing that pertains to the First Law. "

JEANNE ( now a lady at court ) sheds her gown also.

Zaphod was badly shaken by the crash.

He had seemed to understand that and had honored her wishes.

Logically, developing children are carefully screened for physical and mental defects before being allowed to mature. "

The present role of the bridge in no way corresponded to its eternally young appearance and its gigantic but harmonious proportions.

A third, spurred by talk of strings, retrieves the alarm-tin from its hiding spot beneath the bed and returns it to its shelf.

A week elapsed before she could see Elizabeth without scolding her, a month passed away before she could speak to Sir William or Lady Lucas without being rude, and many months were gone before she could at all forgive their daughter.

As the band played a foxtrot he rode round in circles a few times, then gave a triumphant yelp at which the bicycle reared up with its front wheel in the air.

The doctor skilfully and resolutely did ' all that was necessary to isolate the sick, and himself undertook their treatment.

Jitka likes impersonating him.

It was only a few days later that Daville reaped the fruits of his shrewd restraint.

Your daughter Elizabeth, it is presumed, will not long bear the name of Bennet, after her elder sister has resigned it, and the chosen partner of her fate may be reasonably looked up to as one of the most illustrious personages in this land. "

Knowledge and intuition worked together in him, complementing each other in a magical way.

I am not qualified to form one.

Read it through again and you 'll get it.

The water touches them perfectly.

My assumption was wouldn ’ t ’ – that she was, in lawyer ’ s terminology, ‘ mute of malice ’ – because in my company she was able to articulate whole sentences.

It was a ritual adhered to whenever possible.

All day the swingles pounded, and the chatter went on, so that when one went near the old bath house it sounded as if a blustering storm had broken loose there.

She would never again traverse it without thinking of Lee Howell.

" And I will carry on jumping on them, " yelled Arthur, still running, " until I get blisters, or I can think of anything even more unpleasant to do, and then ... "

But since he became a widower, he had begun to say prayers and foretell the future.

The batsman, another big fat man, swiped at the ball, missed it and was violently hit by it in the stomach.

It 's what she really wants, he thought, scowling with the emphasis with which he put this to himself.

Turn on the Improbability Drive for a second without first activating the proofing screens.

His large smooth face, surmounting a short thin body, was the least symmetrical, short of actual deformity, that Dixon had ever seen, giving him the look of a drunken sage trying to collect his wits, a look intensified by slightly protruding lips and a single black eyebrow running from temple to temple.

He inconvenienced the taxi driver with numerous questions.

What could be expected of women and children, creatures whom God had not endowed with reason, in a country where even the men were violent and uncouth?

Perhaps because their history shames them? ”

His panic attack might have been precipitated by hearing that, at sixteen, she 'd been involved with a married man.

It is in this way that language, properly speaking, is constituted, by a series of analogies that are a lateral extension of the language of action or at least of its vocal element : language resembles this vocal element, and ' it is this resemblance that facilitates the understanding of it.

All that pained him but at the same time did not stop him from sometimes thinking of himself so, and behaving as a man who has been cheated and robbed both in this town and over there somewhere in a distant and beautiful land, the homeland of his supposed father.

But even if you were n't listening, he knew they would rile me.

Zarniwoop still quivered, but was silent.

I smelled her perfume, the treasured natural odour of her and the light, flowery scent she favoured, but I detected something else too;

Griefs had been assuaged, if only by time, joys had hardened into habit, her body had cured its own minor maladies.

He was rather disappointed to discover her name was Fenny.

On the other hand, it was now clear to all of them how he was exalted and set apart.

" No, I did n't, " grunted Harris;

There was a clatter of shutters, doors and bolts which rumbled like the cracking and rolling of summer thunder storms with hail and lightning, as though avalanches of rocks were hurtling down the steep Travnik slopes on all sides, with a loud roar, threatening to bury the town and all living things in it.

Snitching would n't give him enough of a chance to show off.

But the young man had nothing more to say, for he had defined precisely both the problems and the measures for overcoming them.

It 's at the exact coordinates you predicted. "

Instead of conscience it is only your own wounded vanity that can sting you, for it alone, always and in everything, speaks with your mouth and dictates your actions. '

" There 's your meal on the floor where you dumped it. "

He flicked on the beam of his flashlight, triggered his jets, and drifted slowly down the short corridor, trailing his safety line behind him.

She was not rendered formidable by silence; but whatever she said was spoken in so authoritative a tone as marked her self-importance, and brought Mr Wickham immediately to Elizabeth 's mind; and from the observation of the day altogether, she believed Lady Catherine to be exactly what he had represented.

And if the dilemma now seems to pose itself in an even sharper form – what is the meaning of my actions in an empty universe where even more certainties have been undermined? why behave well? why not be selfish and greedy and blame it all on DNA? – the anthropologists and evolutionary biologists are able to offer comfort ( if not to the faithful ).

On it nothing grew or blossomed save some short grass, hard and prickly as barbed wire.

At first it was just a vague general mood, manifested only in brief gestures and curses with everyone knowing whom they referred to.

The band ’ s manager was profoundly relieved.

Every day she endeavored to cleanse the boys ' diction, smooth out their manners, whiten their morals, brighten their attitudes, and every day she faced another pile of dirty crumpled laundry.

Enid parked her iron on the ironing board and emerged from the laundry room with butterflies in her stomach-whether from lust or from fear of Al 's rage or from fear that she might become enraged herself she did n't know.

This came from a shed where brandy was being distilled, as every year at this time.

So he too sat with his arms folded over his manuscript, transported now into unreal ' contemplation, until his head too began to swim with fatigue and the large letters of his sober prose danced in front of his eyes like tiny ghosts and apparitions.

He sprained his ankle against the brake pedal and skidded so hard he very nearly turned the car over.

Thoroughly familiar with it, he filled it out in a moment and began untying the string on his package.

Mrs Bennet invited him to dine with them; but, with many expressions of concern, he confessed himself engaged elsewhere.

if he had discreetly transferred all his money to her account and failed to earmark a symbolic sum for the mathematicians, everyone would have been burning with curiosity to know what had happened to his money.

“ Mr Desiato, sir? ” whispered the bodyguard.

He also admits that over the years he has transposed the whole action to France : a confusion, perhaps, between the lesser-known Champéry in Switzerland ( source of cowbells ) and the more familiar Chambéry in France ( source of the aperitif ).

In the revolving door on the way out, his movement was abruptly checked by the intervention of somebody outside trying to revolve the door in the opposite, and ( according to several large, well-designed notices ) wrong, direction.

“ Nature collapses into the screaming void!

That was a black old-fashioned ferryboat and on it a surly, slow old ferryman called Jamak, whom it was harder to summon when awake than any other man from the deepest sleep.

How could he see clearly and comprehend anything in this universal urgency and confusion, but how could he continue to march through exhaustion, adversity and uncertainty, into new obscurity as far as the eye could see?

Then, one day, a student who had been left to sweep up the lab after a particularly unsuccessful party found himself reasoning this way :

Six of the phones were now ringing.

Just as he was finishing that, the phone went, but he let it ring while he maintained a moment 's respectful silence.

Arthur sipped his, and was surprised to discover it tasted very like a whisky and soda.

My memory banks are not what they were you know, and any word which falls into disuse for a few zillion years has to get shifted down into auxiliary memory back-up.

Therefore he went on indefinitely with his conversation, implored, offered bribes, called upon God and his soul.

Now, having returned to France for the first time since being arrested and shipped to prison in Andorra, Silas could feel his homeland testing him, dragging violent memories from his redeemed soul.

The long steel-lined corridor echoed to the feeble struggles of the two humanoids clamped firmly under rubbery Vogon armpits.

The Hassassin jabbed suddenly, nicking Langdon in the side.

Obviously Keble had been chosen by the family for the reason the family had chosen Rishanger for the service : to rehabilitate their father 's name, to push back the Athena calendar and restore to Coleman his former status and prestige.

On the kapia itself a wooden toolshed was erected.

Wet and tired from their labours, the three peasants bargained, slowly and cunningly, going round and round the point.

Tonight again he had made an effort and succeeded in wresting his thoughts away from the tedium and silence, to settle and focus them on the living, audible, visible and tangible things of daily reality and so defend himself from the sflence which annihilated and buried everything, and which threatened to penetrate into his consciousness as it did into his room.

He felt a heavy weariness, but also a great relief that it was all done and despatched to the appropriate people, decisively and irreversibly, and that there could no longer be any doubt or reflection about it.

The lights winked briefly, the ramp paused in its ascent, and then in obedience to the signals from the Thumb ( which half the electronic engineers in the galaxy are constantly trying to find fresh ways of jamming, while the other half are constantly trying to find fresh ways of jamming the jamming signals ), slowly ground its way downwards again.

Only one of the women made a gesture that could have been construed as either beckoning or scolding.

Langdon tried to pull himself free, but the contraption was mounted on hinges and pivoted in his hand.

The lobby is rife with women in smartly tailored suits and men toting heavy briefcases, everyone looking terribly purposeful, Amanda thinks, stepping aside to allow a newly arrived elevator to disgorge its passengers.

This tragic aspiration to move from the country to the town is suggested by the change of name from Durbeyfield to D ’ Urberville, which cannot be rendered in translation otherwise than by resorting to a bold name substitution.

In the sunbeams the flecks of dust danced more vigorously.

" Yeah, well, occasionally I have to testify in his court. I have to play both ends against the middle.

Dwindling headily beneath them, the beaded strings of light of London - London, Arthur had to keep reminding himself, not the strangely coloured fields of Krikkit on the remote fringes of the galaxy, lighted freckles of which faintly spanned the opening sky above them, but London - swayed, swaying and turning, turned.

And boiled ... until ... until ... until you 've had enough. "

Sitting before the ban which was falling into dissolution before his eyes, he replied to all those who tried to dissuade him or pitied him :

And now this formula encompassed for him more than he had ever imagined the world could contain.

At the level of the conditions of possibility pertaining to thought, Ricardo, by dissociating the creation of value from its representativity, made possible the articulation of economics upon history.

Father Alban, himself, dunked Katz in the baptismal font.

" Only this morning I officiated at early celebration - "

" And if I go with you, what will my good Fairy say? " asked the Marionette, who was beginning to waver and weaken in his good resolutions.

None could nail down the time he joined them or the time he left. "

They are all that remains of the greatest experiment ever conducted - to find the Ultimate Question and the Ultimate Answer of Life, the Universe, and Everything.

We amazed the client, had great fun together, laughed and played and finally found ourselves at eleven o'clock in a hotel corridor with a lot of cash in our hands.

Clinically tested at scores of hospitals across America, Dr. Eberle 's reverse-tomographic methods have now been further refined to make this stage of the Corecktall process as simple and painless as a visit to your hairstylist. "

This whole house reeks of those godawful onion sandwiches he brings from home.

He leapt to his feet and demanded silence.

There is a thunderous attack of air, a moving wall of screaming wind, and you get tossed aside, if you are foolish enough to be doing anything remotely like what Arthur and Fenchurch were doing in its close vicinity, like butterflies in the Blitz.

Its main console was installed in a specially designed executive office, mounted on an enormous executive desk of finest ultramahagony topped with rich ultrared leather.

This is the second time I 've confounded him, thought Doyle.

A closely coded tape reeled out of the merc-pool 's vitals as the small instrument searched and analyzed its " memory " for the desired information stored in the tiny vibration patterns of the gleaming mercury surface within.

His spine prickled.

Elizabeth said no more - but her mind could not acquiesce.

Just then the bus rounded a corner and slowed abruptly, then stopped.

Write it over and I 'll grade it as though it came in on time. "

All you have to do is deposit one penny in a savings account in your own era, and when you arrive at the End of Time the operation of compound interest means that the fabulous cost of your meal has been paid for.

Bulletins referring to the strange names of completely unknown towns - Kovno, Vilna, Vitebsk, Smolensk - could not remove the uncertainty or dissipate the anxiety.

They all stared straight in front of them and listened to the schoolmaster who was well known to prefer recounting long and detailed stories of the past to giving his own opinion shortly and clearly on what was taking place in the present.

‘ Also the sun is beginning to scorch already, the heat is excellent. ’

Far away on the opposite spiral arm of the Galaxy, five hundred thousand light years from the star Sol, Zaphod Beeblebrox, President of the Imperial Galactic Government, sped across the seas of Damogran, his ion drive delta boat winking and flashing in the Damogran sun.

' I talk to a man, just for a few minutes, that 's all it wasâ € ¦ and now you start accusing me of making up to him.

As the air currents buffeted her body, her clothes clung, accentuating her slender torso and small breasts.

They in turn were surrounded by a cordon of police, though whether they were there to protect the public from the army or the army from the public, or to guarantee the giant ship 's diplomatic immunity and prevent it getting parking tickets was entirely unclear and the subject of much debate.

Welch felt he ought to let him know, unoficially, that when the Council met next week he would be unable to recommend Dixon 's retention on the Staff.

Here she was, espousing the purity of imagination as opposed to memory, extolling the superiority of the invented detail as opposed to the merely autobiographical.

Ford had only acquired it through a serious computer error towards the end of the fifteen years ' sojourn he had spent on the planet Earth.

Despite Langdon 's assurances that the keystone had nothing to do with her past, Sophie still sensed something deeply personal entwined within this mystery, as if this cryptex, forged by her grandfather 's own hands, were trying to speak to her and offer some kind of resolution to the emptiness that had haunted her all these years.

urine and perfume, so richly commingled that the result resembled bad meat.

The front hall was graced with door chimes, a white-eyed wooden thingamabob of commercial Mexican origin, and that banal darling of the arty middle class, van Gogh 's " Arlésienne. "

And yes, there were precautions administrators took to indemnify themselves against all eventualities.

Each attributed to his opponent strengths and qualities entirely in keeping with the high opinion he had of himself and his task.

“ What are you armed with? ” roared the tank in disbelief.

The friar listened to him with the smile of a man who believed that he knew how things were and had no need to have his knowledge confirmed or broadened.

The air bag retarded his ejection from the car, but did n't prevent it.

He capered toward Bill, and the mask was a thing on its own, behind which Jack hid, liberated from shame and self-consciousness.

Růžička stitched the dura mater and eased the bone back into place.

His curiosity triumphed.

But if I go on, I shall displease you by saying what I think of persons you esteem.

They are poisoning me, but they do not know that I ... if I ... '

For example : The pleasure in this world, it has been said, outweighs the pain;

while his nightgown hung unused on its peg Gregor 's father would slumber where he was, fully dressed, as if always ready to serve and expecting to hear the voice of his superior even here.

Everything in this steep and neglected garden was suffocating with luxuriant growth.

Every memory of his childhood aroused sorrow and uneasiness in him.

Now the mayor had midwifed a similar arrangement with the W -- Corporation, which was donating to the city of Philadelphia sufficient units of its famous Global Desktop to " empower " every classroom in the city, plus five Community Computing Centers in blighted northern and western neighborhoods.

Ford Prefect suppressed a little giggle of evil satisfaction, realized that he had no reason to suppress it, and laughed out loud, a wicked laugh.

They look like an old pair of mine, the last ones I ever outgrew;

" I do n't know them, but there are dozens of companies touring around Britain at any one time.

Or could he persuade them to have his?

“ Marvin! ” he called.

Calm down, he told himself.

" No, but how do I refill the prescription at home? "

And the best actors and singers and dancers of the Opera were there to embellish the dinner parties. "

It lies down and kicks its little feet in the air and presently goes to the great golden spike in the sky, my old fruitbat. "

A caddy retracted his statement, and the only other witness admitted that he might have been mistaken.

I ask merely for information, ” did little to improve his state of mind.

Look here, Mr. Baley, if you were supervising a farm, would you care to buy a tractor with a positronic brain, a reaper, a harrow, a milker, an automobile, and so on, each with a positronic brain; or would you rather have ordinary unbrained machinery with a single positronic robot to run them all.

