Russell hooted his horn fiercely at the car that came round the corner towards them half-way on to their side of the road, making them swerve.

They gossiped about it throughout the day while they kept their own children closer at hand.

About a hundred yards or so away, and separated from it by a pockmarked and blasted stretch of the most barren land imaginable was what would probably have to be described as a landing pad of sorts.

He grabbed at a napkin off the table and fumbled hopelessly with it.

Rincewind was n't certain what a houri was, but after some thought he came to the conclusion that it was a little liquorice tube for sucking up the sherbet.

Part of his brain told him that he knew perfectly well what he was looking at and what the shapes represented whilst another quite sensibly refused to countenance the idea and abdicated responsibility for any further thinking in that direction.

And so I stamp these stones, I walk this elevated way, I rub my hands and watch my breath like a warning go out before me, and can only wait.

They solaced their wretchedness, however, by duets after supper, while he could find no better relief to his feelings than by giving his housekeeper directions that every possible attention might be paid to the sick lady and her sister.

We shall all rue it bitterly, I fear.

No one can disregard the fact that circumstances drove me into situations where I had to make difficult decisions between a desire to be truthful on the one hand and my natural dignity on the other.

They ran to it and hurried along it.

I had dwelled in its shadow.

4. X incorporates the overlap of A and B, but also other parts of A and B

They therefore adopt forms, patterns, models-those that are in fashion, that suit, that please-and enact them.

“ Who in the Galaxy would want to bomb a publishing company? ” asked Zaphod, but never heard Marvin ’ s reply because at that moment the building shook with another bomb attack.

Chenkov wants to expand, to recapture the old Soviet Union.

The most gifted amongst them despised all that they should have learnt and underestimated all that they were able to do, but they boasted of what they did not know and waxed enthusiastic at what was beyond their powers to achieve.

At any moment, the sky-filling bulk of Rama might become incandescent along the edges, blazing with a transient glory that would far outshine the sun.

She takes notes throughout the session, for a scientific organisation who research this kind of thing. ”

As Grouard inched backward, he could see the woman across the room raising her UV light and scrutinizing a large painting that hung on the far side of the Salle des Etats, directly opposite the MONA LISA.

“ Certainly you must debate issues of faith with your classes. ”

Even the last lights in the town were extinguished, but the windows of the barracks still blazed with light.

But short or long, the continuity of my visits over time allowed me to observe in great detail the way she mothered and protected her cubs.

By all means view your own feelings dispassionately, if you feel you ought to, but that 's nothing to do with deciding whether ( Christ ) you 're in love.

Daville replied at once, reiterating that he and his staff would hold to what they had agreed since all citizens of Western countries, without exception, comprised one family here in the East, whatever disagreements there might otherwise be between them in Europe. '

I wonder what sort of sermons we should preach if we lived the way the Christians have been living here for the last three hundred years.

Readers of these languages are less responsive to repetitions of consonants, perceiving them as an ornamental sound sequence rather than as a prosodic principle, and lines resisting rendition after the ictic principle have to be very clearly segmented into four semantic and phonetic units.

He was always flanked by Yurkun and Arbenina, who was quite pleasant, though affected in an old-fashioned way.

" Be forewarned, Paris.

D'Avenat provoked him, maintaining that every nation and every faith, all who expected something, must direct their eyes to the all-powerful French Emperor and not to Russia, which the French would subjugate this very summer as the last European state which was not yet subordinate to them.

By donating the artwork anonymously to specific churches and then using their political influence, the brotherhood facilitated placement of these four pieces in carefully chosen churches in Rome.

He felt totally depleted from his race out of the Necropolis.

the novelist now wondered - for although she 'd always claimed that a good writer could imagine anything ( and imagine it truly ), and although she 'd often argued that real-life experience was overvalued, even Ruth was surprised by how accurately she 'd imagined being a widow.

In vain it had been earlier explained to them in their villages that the young men were going neither to war nor to slavery, but that they would serve the Emperor in Vienna, and be well fed, well clothed and well shod; that after a term of two years they would return home, and that young men from all the other parts of the Empire served in the army, and that they served for a three-year term.

Oren looked ready not only to push him, but to slug him.

He said it with a hunted look, as if he was worried that she might suddenly leap out from behind the door and mention them again.

Or so I imagine I ’ m told.

One day Henny-penny was picking up corn in the cornyard when - whack! - something hit her upon the head.

Next day I found the colonel rather more conciliatory, and as his wife remarked that there were some places of interest in the neighbourhood, it gave me an opening to ask whether my presence for one more night would incommode them.

I had willingly placed myself in its hands, allowed myself to be consciously molded by its bearer into his own image. "

She does not telephone because I have warned her I will take no calls, even from her.

He had PROVED Genesis was physically possible, and that intense sources of energy - what Vetra called GOD - could duplicate the moment of Creation. ”

My church is consecrated to Saint Jan Nepomuk, who was tortured rather than betray the secrets of the holy confessional ...

And finally, the profit of the entrepreneurs will decrease in exactly the same proportion as ground rent increases, and as the labourers ' remuneration remains fixed.

Gide, whose own Journal overlaps for many years with Renard ’ s, complained ( perhaps rivalrously ) that the latter ’ s was ‘ not a river but a distillery ’;

That 's what he had surmised, but hearing her say it lent this moment, this day, even more significance.

" Rondeau volunteered. "

Believe in your Giustiniana, who has never debased herself to the point of hiding the truth from you.

The scene before them was so unexpected, so bizarre, that Langdon had to close his eyes and reopen them before his mind could take it all in.

One of the captains of his army, Jehu, rebelled against him and assassinated him.

At the heart of it, unseen, lay a small gold box which carried within it the most brain-wretching device ever conceived, a device which made this starship unique in the history of the galaxy, a device after which the ship had been named - The Heart of Gold.

He mourned the moral advantages these mistakes had cost him.

It was no longer even shutting the stable door after the horse had bolted;

Conrad, Nabokov, Naipaul-these are writers known for having managed to migrate between languages, cultures, countries, continents, even civilizations.

They shooed the refugees away to take over their mean camp upon the lawns, and now a couple of husbands and one of our servants float in the moat too.

He popped a Tums in his mouth and, glaring at me, chewed it as though he were crunching my bones.

“ Ah, ” nodded the ghost in satisfaction, “ then you do remember! ”

We kept our eyes on the road, shopped, and returned to the bungalow.

It is impossible to import things into an infinite area, there being no outside to import things in from.

One May morning these leaders gathered on the kapia as if by chance and occupied all the seats on the sofa.

In the name of all the faiths here present, he assured the colonel that they, and their people, were willing to submit themselves to the coming authorities and would do all that was in their power to maintain peace and order as the new authorities demanded.

He remembered some Greek or Latin tag about not even God being able to abolish historical fact, and was glad to think that this must apply equally to the historical fact of his drinking out of Christine 's coffee-cup.

Not a single voice was raised in opposition to the little grey-haired man 's application, and no one abstained during the voting in which the non-Party people too were invited to take part.

At the same moment, a disturbance nearer the platform attracted his attention :

' I 'll go and find Neddy and book a seat in the car.

“ Now, if you would care to order drinks at last, ” he said, “ I will then show you to your table. ”

I felt puzzled, and strangely resentful, too, as if I were the one, not she, whose private self had been intruded upon and abused.

Arthur snatched the tickets, and said thank you as sharply as he could.

Max blinked in amazement.

“ Good luck, ” he added, and walked out of the door, disappearing from Zaphod ’ s life as mysteriously as he had entered it.

The helpless, the lame and the sick were brought on litters, for no one wanted to be left out or renounce their share in this wonder.

They minimized or concealed even from themselves the blows they received, and magnified those they inflicted on their opponent, stressing them in their reports to Vienna or Paris.

Langdon buttoned his tweed jacket against the cold.

They crouched over the concrete slab.

The interpreter had tried then for the first and last time to influence the new Consul, to impose his attitude on him.

One of them at last found a pet shop with some lizards, but it instantly defended the pet shop for democracy so savagely that little in the area survived

They considered me a traitor for allying myself with a movement that inscribed godlessness on its shield.

“ You ’ re saying, ” he said, “ that before we arrived here, we left here? ”

The peasant who was walking beside the oxen kept hitting them, now on their skinny flanks, now on their soft muzzles, while the horse was thrashed with a whip by a sturdy, bare-chested, sunburnt Turk from the town, a certain Ibro Zvalo, the most disreputable man in town, a carter and drunkard, who from time to time also acted as hangman, depriving the gypsies of their earnings.

So, folk get thinking and start pinching it.

The Muslim population in the towns was racked by fear, discontent, shortages and anger which could find no outlet.

This accounted not only for the habit of abbreviating whenever possible, but also for the almost exaggerated care that was taken to make every word easily pronounceable.

She had never raced this horse before.

And even before you have completely conquered them you are already tired of them, for your vanity becomes bored and looks for something beyond.

Ford had already introduced this box as a Sub-Etha Sens-O-Matic, but Arthur had merely nodded absently and not pursued the matter.

As he stepped out of the airlock, the air that greeted him was cool and fresh - the air conditioning was still working.

Functionally attractive in shades of beige and green, it is situated a short distance from the airport, in the middle of a strip of such hotels that cater predominantly to business people with neither the time nor inclination for sight-seeing, or to travelers connecting with early morning flights.

I believe the fates of men are bonded one to the Other by the cement of wisdom.

They 'll target one area of the city, shovel up all the homeless, dump them somewhere else.

" Are you accusing me of obstructing justice?

No, Meckerle had not yet formally ousted him from his post.

I kept waiting for her wavering eye, for her broken wrist to bend, for her still mouth to speak.

His head drooped, his eyes closed of their own accord, and before him a red mist grew, with a succession of horses taking small steps, sinking ever deeper into that mist and disappearing in it, together with their riders.

" I hate them, " he had ground out between his teeth ...

Very often, of course, I just have to refer them to him, when it 's a question of a foreign document or something of that kind.

I do assure you that I am not one of those young ladies ( if such young ladies there are ) who are so daring as to risk their happiness on the chance of being asked a second time.

Then one of them rose from his seat.

Watch it flame and burn and spin around crazily, flaring and sputtering.

The man jumped, saw Langdon 's dripping clothes, and yanked off his headset.

He also appeared to be playing with a rubber duck.

It symbolizes neither one nor the other, but a mixture of the two, without priority. "

Piles and trails of abandoned possessions further block the road, and here you see the wretchedness of the refugees ’ imagination, if not their lives themselves, by what they thought at first to bring, and then discard;

I wouldn ’ t, for instance, have fancied being born in the Papal States as recently as the 1840s.

Lying glassy-eyed on the ground, chin up, in their beards an arrow, a bloody sword wound, a bite mark ... some of the slaves welcomed us and rebelled against their masters ... but we slaughtered them too, our strength was great and it grew with the blood ... the women put up more resistance ...

Charlie bounced about amongst them all, his blued pate agleam, pride pouring off him like sweat.

The floor seemed fuller than ever of jigging, lurching couples, who every few seconds lurched all one way together, bearing one another along like a crowd that knows a batoncharge is imminent.

After two minutes Ford decided it was time something happened.

Baley let his tight muscles loosen.

Having vouchsafed the initial introductions, Dion Fortune took a seat by the door.

Luckily, there was a stall nearby where you could rent scooters from guys with green wings.

To learn that he was n't the man they thought he was, that the woman who shot him was his ex-wife, a woman I used to babysit for.

That ’ s where they carted all the stiffs that had had their throats cut or been knifed.

The bowl seemed almost to sing with the sun, to chime with the intensity of its light, and cast darkly brilliant rainbows around the sand and upon them.

The harder it was to find aluminum foil or ground beef or motor oil, the more tempting it became to hijack truck-loads of these commodities or to muscle in on their distribution.

It had come down with a wonderful disregard for anything beneath it and crushed a large area of some of the most expensive real estate in the world, including much of Harrods.

Gary energetically sliced meats and skewered vegetables.

Snow had webbed the corners of the windows and frosted the swamp white oak.

Then I notice the wastepaper basket, a classic item in any detective ’ s repertoire, and I start burrowing into the balled-up papers; what if the love letter he wrote had something shyly forward in it, and the chaste and virginal Ann was upset and refused to take his calls?

He caught up with Zaphod approaching the elevators.

Mr Grace peered out at me from behind the windscreen and inclined his head toward Chloe and said something, and he also was grinning.

Embedded in that blue tattoo was a true and total image of himself.

" And hooptiously drangle me with crinkly bindlewurdles, Or I will rend thee in the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheon, see if I do n't! "

Gore-Urquhart approached and stood gazing at him intently, as if planning a funny sketch of him, in charcoal, perhaps, or ink-wash, to be begun as soon as the lecture was over.

Their intention, at the next day ’ s light, is to raise me to the skies, elevate me, spread over the gun ’ s great snout, set a charge but no shell in the breach and then throw dice for which one gets to pull the firing lanyard.

And as he did not have time to complete it, because of the courier, he designated these two dozen feeble lines a fragment '.

" Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mindboggingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers have chosen to see it as the final and clinching proof of the non-existence of God.

Max gave them a very thin lipped smile.

A long nasty will contest would certainly liven up Wycliff s rather mundane career in probate.

' Take no notice of what she says, ' she counselled.

At the beginning of March, headquarters sent an order to the detachment guarding the bridge to double their precautions since, according to reliable information, the notorious brigand Jakov Cekrlija had crossed from Herzegovina into Bosnia and was now hiding somewhere near Visegrad whence, in all likelihood, he would try to reach either the Serbian or the Turkish frontier.

They also carped about the interminable excavations of roads for sewer works, electricity, or general repairs.

No, it was not superstition, it was a sense of beauty that cured her of her depression and imbued her with a new will to live.

" I phoned Mrs Watson again, " said Arthur.

" We did n't rely entirely on him, " said R. Daneel.

“ Your eyes just slide off it ... ” said Ford in wonder.

It seemed we had moored close to a swan 's nest, and, soon after George and I had gone, the female swan came back, and kicked up a row about it.

He decided to utilize that fact to get you into trouble and off the investigation.

But astoundingly, the fearsome invaders who, like most warlike races were only on the rampage because they could n't cope with things at home, were stunned by Versenwald 's extraordinary breakthroughs, joined in the celebrations and were instantly prevailed upon to sign a wide-ranging series of trading agreements and set up a programme of cultural exchanges.

He would hold his breath as he set up the scales and, grave and concentrated, he would seem to grow and subside with the slow swaying of the pan.

She was dressed in a rather severe dark dress, not a particularly shapely one, and it did n't really suit her.

The old me cared.

Not long ago, I began cautiously browsing the first chapter, an interview with a certain ‘ Thomas ’.

It had a little pay-telescope for looking at the letters in detail, but no one would ever use it because the letters burned with the divine brilliance of the heavens and would, if seen through a telescope, have severely damaged the retina and optic nerve.

The castle, surrounded, assaulted, invaded, used and pierced, holds us all;

She 'd felt happiest with him when she was publicly vindicating his faith in her : when she got straight A 's; when her restaurants succeeded; when reviewers loved her.

" It is a farewell gift from the dolphins, " said Wonko in a low quiet voice, " the dolphins whom I loved and studied, and swam with, and fed with fish, and even tried to learn their language, a task which they seemed to make impossibly difficult, considering the fact that I now realize they were perfectly capable of communicating in ours if they decided they wanted to. "

This sound of water was dulled and altered by the darkness, and intensified by the silence.

According to Prak, if Arthur 's memory saved him right, the place was guarded by the Lajestic Vantrashell of Lob, and so, after a manner, it proved to be.

So do we ever watch the shores nigh Osgiliath, which our enemies now partly hold, and issue from it to harry our lands.

And as the photon storms gather in swirling crowds around us, preparing to tear apart the last of the red hot suns, I know you ’ re all going to settle back and enjoy with me what I know we will find all an immensely exciting and terminal experience. ”

And we must constantly bear in mind that Providence has given us the greatest ruler of all time, who directs everything, including our destinies, and that we can rely blindly on his leadership.

Dr. Witherspoon intervened with the comment that such disappearances were a favourite device for the authors of detective stories because they heightened the tension.

And the weight of the cow tied to her wrist pulled the woman up the chimney, and she stuck fast half-way and was smothered in the soot.

A fitness magazine had been left open to an article about exercises one could do throughout the day to relieve neck tension.

I will wager all that I have gained tonight and you your life.

Maybe Miep will be able to scrounge up something on the black market.

By day he laboured down the pit and in the evening he waited on the corner of Wenceslas Square for his delicate flower Martha.

Giustiniana became so engrossed in their conversation that she forgot to join her mother at Easter mass.

Couple of days later, they bulldozed the warehouse. "

Dazzled by the light and confused by the numbers present, he looked at them as if in a dream, wiping the water from his face with his open hand.

The beer you had should have cushioned your system a bit. "

When he had gone half way he turned around and stared at the scene - his wife and Catherine scolding and consoling as they stumbled here and there among the crowded furniture with articles of aid, and the despairing figure on the couch, bleeding fluently, and trying to spread a copy of Town Tattle over the tapestry scenes of Versailles.

But Faramir burned with a fever that would not abate.

Why should he hassle with popping public officials and having entire governments and Inter-pol on his tail?

So they went to church, and were wed.

Admitting our past faults, modernization, are things we historically eschew.

On a small obscure world somewhere in the middle of nowhere in particular - nowhere, that is, that could ever be found, since it is protected by a vast field of unprobability to which only six men in this galaxy have a key - it was raining.

Giustiniana dragged herself from one seedy hovel to another in the worst company, spending her limited money and amassing enormous debts.

And you deigned to bend down.

So one night between calls I dialed his number long-distance from the cell phone in my car.

Maybe I already know who you are ... I 've got a hunch ... an could ja nudge that ashtray over, yeah ... good.

He grinned at Trillian, weakly.

In the course of the conversation, the Vizier made a point of stressing the savagery of this country, the crudity and backwardness of the people.

He leaned forward and gripped the tapping tentacle.

His five-year mission to seek out and explore strange new worlds, and sell Advanced Music Substitute Systems to their restaurants, elevators and wine bars!

use it to sail a mini raft down the slow heavy river Moth; wet it for use in hand-tohand-combat; wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal ( a mindboggingly stupid animal, it assumes that if you ca n't see it, it ca n't see you - daft as a bush, but very ravenous );

Pleasures which up till then had been stolen and concealed, could now be purchased and openly displayed, which increased their attraction and the number of those who sought them.

After all, it shouldn ’ t be necessary to call upon his generosity because there were certain moral obligations that a person of Grandpa ’ s stature would never shirk.

Deifying itself!

“ But this former self of mine killed himself off, didn ’ t he, by changing my brain?

" I know it sounds crazy, and everybody says it was hallucinations, but if that was hallucinations then I have hallucinations in big screen 3D with 16-track Dolby Stereo and should probably hire myself out to people who are bored with shark movies.

We wronged him, Paris.

His principal adversary was the talkative and aggressive Herak who looked at everything and criticized everything from an orthodox socialist viewpoint.

They could see her now, nearly got up with her, out she spurted with her last strength and held ahead of them again.

She believed that charity went beyond waiving her fee. In fact, waiving her fee was the least of it.

He searched the wound on Frodo 's shoulder with his fingers, and his face grew graver, as if what he learned disquieted him.

Whets his appetite by reading what 's posted there, then goes out looking for the girl who posted it.

" You missed the best bit! " raged Ford.

Had his first appearance, or his resemblance to the picture they had just been examining, been insufficient to assure the other two that they now saw Mr Darcy, the gardener 's expression of surprize on beholding his master must immediately have told it.

" Da Vinci presided over the Priory between 1510 and 1519 as the brotherhood 's Grand Master, which might help explain your grandfather 's passion for Leonardo 's work.

And he had a lifetime 's worth of anger and resentment pent up, more than sufficient motivation to kill a woman who had spurned him.

A move designed to increase the complexity of the task tenfold involves boarding the localways or the expressways themselves, and hurtling off the other side.

He pretended to himself that he 'd pick up his professor round the waist, squeeze the furry grey blue waistcoat against him to expel the breath, run heavily with him up the steps, along the corridor to the Staff Cloakroom, and plunge the too-small feet in their capless shoes into a lavatory basin, pulling the plug once, twice and again, stuffing the mouth with toilet-paper.

The first time he tried to smoke it made him sick, but he persevered, and spun the packet out for a long time, smoking half a cigarette after each meal.

Whatever it was raced across the sky in monstrous yellowness, tore the sky apart with mind-buggering noise and leapt off into the distance leaving the gaping air to shut behind it with a bang that drove your ears six feet into your skull.

“ You mean they want to arrest me over the phone? ” said Zaphod, “ Could be.

Logically, developing children are carefully screened for physical and mental defects before being allowed to mature. "

He retraced his trail with a bit more speed, and seconds later was crouched next to Ricky, watching and waiting in the heavier grass and brush under the outermost limbs of the tree.

Curs may bark, but the caravan moves on ', concluded the Vizier, who had evidently been informed about everything that had happened during the Consul 's ride through the town and was now trying to minimize the incident and alleviate its effects.

' I want to influence people so they 'll do what I think it 's important they should do.

He used his slide rule for a last silent calculation, then disassembled it with a series of snaps.

