This final shot delivered, Number Two spun on his heel and stalked off to a corner to practise darting eye movements in the mirror.

She disarticulated the legs, then started on the delicate carapace, which split along three great circles and opened up like a peeled orange.

What had been the reason for that episode on the school bench, which could only be justified and defended by love, without which it fell into the mud of unbearable humiliation?

Beech could review the records overnight and find the loopholes.

Still one-handed, she sights down the barrels at the ground.

In the bunker, Teddy weathered another storm.

“ Nothing? ” roared the battle machine.

His intention was to shock me, by demonstrating how swiftly his favor could be withdrawn, to plant a seed of terror in me that tightened his grip and rendered me even more dependent.

She was holding a large book on her lap, but she kept raising her eyes from it and her gaze roamed over the veranda and through the windows.

Unable to synthesize the sad story of the past into a text or to enshrine it in a museum, Kocu spent his last years in an apartment piled high with mountains of paper.

Are we assured that the apprehension from which this young man has no doubt suffered terribly since his exposure to its contagion may not produce a physical effect which simulates that which it fears?

Not surprisingly, the Guide 's graphically enticing description of the general state of affairs on this planet has proved to be astonishingly popular amongst hitch-hikers who allow themselves to be guided by it, and so it has simply never been taken out, and it is therefore left to latter-day travellers to find out for themselves that today 's modern Brequinda in the City State of Avalars is now little more than concrete, strip joints and Dragon Burger Bars.

" I did it my way, “ they tremoloed, and then segued into " Those little-town blues ... "

If you do not take yourself away, we will see how you will like a sousing of some dish-water; I have some here hot enough to make you jump. ”

He 'd fretted, stewed, paced, lambasted his wife for not understanding him, and Janey for being a cock-teaser he could n't resist, even his mother who 'd punished him severely for masturbating when he was little.

this " sir " scorched his lips, and he had to control himself to avoid collaring this " gentleman " -

His mouth contracted, the veins in his neck swelled, his ribs seemed to stand out and his stomach muscles to contract and relax as when a man vomits.

“ And we were sent off first, ” he concluded, and hummed a little bathing tune.

She scrolled to the next hit.

Zarquon has come again! ”

The crowd surged and closed behind them again, as frantically they pushed and hauled the rattling supermarket trolley through the rubble towards the ramp.

They only exist in words we hear.

The countermanding of Lola ’ s casting decision, and the laughter in the boys it provoked, made for a shift in the balance of power.

It began to purr loudly.

And then, at night, he would be assailed by increasingly ominous thoughts, beyond his control, which threatened to overwhelm him,.

WE LOSE!

He lifted up his briefcase and opened it.

Marvin was forced to say something which came very hard to him.

And if the crowd does express its disapproval, it merely goads him on to bigger and better things, much in the way Tomas was spurred on by the difficulty of a diagnosis.

Her business affairs, which at one time had seemed to gambol before her eyes like a flock of spring lambs, now lay inert and dead like the great tombstones in the Jewish cemetery.

Ignatius flagged it down just as his mother, forgetting the disgrace of the shredded nightgown, ran down to the curb.

It shook my soul, suffused my conscience.

I was just walking there, bereft and stalwart, endlessly trudging through the snow and the wintry gloaming.

He had long ago realized that the only way of being in Ford 's company successfully was to keep a large stock of very placid faces and wear them at all times.

her world was a desolate, mysterious place, which she ranged mostly by moonlight.

For the last two walks he had behaved in this same unhappy way, and I began to suspect that it had something to do with weaning him from the milk.

Elizabeth looked at Darcy to see how cordially he assented to his cousin 's praise; but neither at that moment nor at any other could she discern any symptom of love; and from the whole of his behaviour to Miss de Bourgh she derived this comfort for Miss Bingley, that he might have been just as likely to marry her, had she been his relation.

The neuromechanics of faith, though, will neither find, nor prove ( or disprove ) God, nor establish the underlying reason for our species ’ belief in deities.

There is no problem involved in becoming your own father or mother that a broadminded and well-adjusted family can ’ t cope with.

“ Sure thing, ” said the computer happily and a massive explosion rocked the bridge.

" Someone told me, " said Fenchurch, " that they once overheard two old ladies on this beach, doing what we 're doing, looking at the Pacific Ocean for the first time in their lives.

' Like a criminal who, having begun to confess, sees no reason for not going on, Dixon was about to admit it, but remembered in time that this would incriminate Christine.

They were of a respectable family in the north of England; a circumstance more deeply impressed on their memories than that their brother 's fortune and their own had been acquired by trade.

The roof leaked when it rained.

With an oath Miss Winter darted forward, and if I had not caught her wrist she would have clutched this maddening woman by the hair.

No matter if his enemies were more numerous or powerful, they could flay the skin from his muscles and boil the bones before receiving the satisfaction of surrender.

We can never establish with certainty what part of our relations with others is the result of our emotions - love, antipathy, charity, or malice - and what part is predetermined by the constant power play among individuals.

Zaphod leaned forward, conspiratorially.

There is no evidence – there could be no evidence – that my grandfather featured in these statistics.

" I ca n't either, " said Arthur, who felt it was time he began to assert himself.

“ We ’ ve got to encourage them to evolve!

' Do you like coming to see me? ' was the first he could recall, and it had been easy as well as truthful to answer ' Yes '.

He timed it perfectly and was nestled deep inside her when she climaxed.

These tough ratings sat up in bed darning their socks, and insisted on hand-washing their own smalls, which they dried on washing lines improvised from string, suspended along the radiators.

Surprise surprise, they eat it and he leaps out from behind a bush shouting ‘ Gotcha ’.

Flapping, snapping, in the air above my musing head, I think I hear the old snow tiger ’ s still extant exterior as, like one hand clapping, one hand waving, it salutes the night.

The Management Consultant gave him a look that only a lungfish could have copied.

Between them would be placed a bottle of Janx Spirit ( as immortalized in that ancient Orion mining song " Oh do n't give me none more of that Old Janx Spirit/ No, do n't you give me none more of that Old Janx Spirit/ For my head will fly, my tongue will lie, my eyes will fry and I may die/ Wo n't you pour me one more of that sinful Old Janx Spirit " ).

Lots of verbal stuff, so many of them wanted you to talk dirty to them, to use words that perhaps they themselves did n't dare use.

You ca n't dispute their evidence.

" I hope he has n't overstated -- "

“ Can he cook? ” said Zaphod.

" And this guy, " ranted Ford, " was on a drive to sell more of them!

“ Shut up, ” suggested Zaphod Beeblebrox.

Arthur suspected a streak of masochism in Ford Prefect - the increasing difficulty of the journey seemed to give him a sense of purpose that was otherwise lacking.

' You are all kindness, madam; but I believe we must abide by our original plan. '

“ Transtellar Cruise Lines would like to apologize to passengers for the continuing delay to this flight.

He 'd contrived an explanation, but the real reason was, it was nobody 's business but his what was on his monitor.

At short intervals along the moving catwalk, wide transparent tubes led down to floor level.

At that precise moment the solar radiation from the flares filtered through the clouds of vaporized water and struck the ground.

Zaphod stared at him as if he expected a cuckoo to leap out of his forehead on a small spring.

“ Hardly worth anyone ’ s while to help a menial robot is it? ”

He hoped, as he had hoped continually and fervently since the time they had talked together on the banks of the Serpentine, that he would not be called upon to try to remember something that he had very firmly and deliberately buried in the furthest recesses of his memory, where he hoped it would cease to nag at him.

' Of course I will, ' she said as if she were soothing him.

It was not possible to assess what kind of body it was that lived under this heap of thick cloth, leather, silk, silver and braid.

But, looking through their cigarette smoke into the distance, beyond the inscription and the placard, they seemed to see somewhere in the world another and different life, a life of great ascents and sudden falls, in which greatness mingled with tragedy and which in some manner maintained a balance with this peaceful and monotonous existence of theirs on the kapia.

During the final months Dad was in hospital, the tomatoes, the beans, and everything else in greenhouse and ground, were renamed ‘ my tomatoes ’, ‘ my beans ’, and so on, as if Dad had been dispossessed of them even before he was dead.

Young girls braided their hair in the shade, while their mothers worked over the fires.

I owe mine a mint. ”

As commander he had to set an example of endurance to his men, but he considerately allowed them to stick their lances into the ground and drape their white cloaks over the tops of the shafts.

In high school the popular girls did n't date guys like him.

" Yellow, " he thought and stomped off back to his bedroom to get dressed.

Perhaps some unbelievable guest would arrive, a person infinitely rare and to be marvelled at, some authentically radiant young girl who with one fresh glance at Gatsby, one moment of magical encounter, would blot out those five years of unwavering devotion.

Anatomical analysis of the Vogon reveals that its brain was originally a badly deformed, misplaced and dyspeptic liver.

There was a pause, during which Bertrand twice seemed on the point of uttering a long inarticulate bay.

Its exchange rate of eight Ningis to one Pu is simple enough, but since a Ningi is a triangular rubber coin six thousand eight hundred miles across each side, no one has ever collected enough to own one Pu.

It sounds a terribly interesting project. ”

Bun ’ s visit had upset the delicate equilibrium of the household, there was a sort of noiseless trilling in the atmosphere, as if a fine, taut alarm wire had been tripped and was vibrating still.

At half past twelve Pop startled everybody by driving into the yard in a Rolls-Royce, a pre-war landaulette in black, with straw-coloured doors that actually looked as if they had been made of plaited basket-work.

The other kids at school nicknamed him Ix, which in the language of Betelgeuse Five translates as " boy who is[ ]not able satisfactorily to explain what a Hrung is, nor why it should choose to collapse on Betelgeuse Seven ". ]

" His own wife told us that his violent tendencies had been escalating.

His stick struck the ground less emphatically, and his breath, issuing irregularly, almost with a sighing sound, condensed in the wintry air.

" We are going to revitalize, as it were, your business. "

The complaint could be substantiated, all right.

Diverting myself in this harmless fashion I did not notice the fight developing between her and Miss Vavasour until it was well under way, and I had no idea how it might have started or what it was about.

In the beginning the Universe was created.

He has ducked in alleys, hidden behind trees, followed on foot at night in Sao Paulo, tagged behind me on motor scooters and chased me in cars.

“ And blown up a few military installations. ”

Private First Class Müller, German teacher from Kašperské Mountains town calls the rookies Czech stinkbags, Quartermaster Sondernummer uses oxen frog, Yorkshire boar, and while doing it he promises that he ’ ll flay and tan each recruit ’ s skin.

While he was in the water, he heard the phone ring, and in a few moments Miss Cutler tapped at the door.

“ Your God person puts an apple tree in the middle of a garden and says do what you like guys, oh, but don ’ t eat the apple.

As Marion had pointed out to Eddie, it was less the occurrence of sex than the anticipation of it that titillated Ted;

‘ Dammit if they was taxed they wouldn ’ t come.

After she was gone, he mentally replayed his telephone conversation with Rennie.

The medium engaged the brother until he was constrained to turn away like a shamed dog.

Langdon 's Jewish students always looked flabbergasted when he first told them that the early Jewish tradition involved ritualistic sex.

The weak have a pressing need to delude themselves like this and a limitless capacity for being deceived.

He was surprised to find he could feel the sheep being startled by the sun that morning, and the morning before, and being startled by a clump of trees the day before that.

He had often seen surgeons similarly moved when among the dead and dying by the need to reaffirm the life coursing inside them.

I almost asked why the city did n't intervene and enforce its laws, but fortunately I caught myself.

Granted that they are not so grounded, why not?

Robert Langdon dashed around the outer bulwark of the castle, grateful for the glow of the floodlights.

They had started law school at the same time, but he flunked out after a nasty round with coke.

It is interesting to note that a later and wilier editor sent the book backwards in time through a temporal warp, and then successfully sued the breakfast cereal company for infringement of the same laws.

There was a pause, while he noted with mild surprise how much and how quickly she was eating.

use it to sail a mini raft down the slow heavy river Moth; wet it for use in hand-tohand-combat; wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal ( a mindboggingly stupid animal, it assumes that if you ca n't see it, it ca n't see you - daft as a bush, but very ravenous );

Arthur woke up and instantly regretted it.

He spoke well of my methods, but after that the head of the translation section asked me to let him have a book back on the pretext that he had to see whether or not the novel should be abridged.

Yet not in vain will it prove, maybe, that you came to this land seeking aid, as Gandalf himself plainly purposed.

Most of its arms were retracted, but with three long tentacles it was fishing out a number of rods, plates, and bars which lined the covering and apparently strengthened the walls of the cylinder.

The computer boggled, linked logic circuits with the Nutri-Matic and together they lapsed into a grim silence.

After spending two months in Gallipoli and after all his possessions in Istanbul and its surroundings had been confiscated, the former Vizier had been exiled to a small town in Asia Minor.

The Zirzla ships that remained, horribly beweaponed though they were, were now hopelessly outclassed by the devastating power of the Xaxisian ship, and were fleeing for cover behind the rapidly disintegrating moon, when the Xaxisian ship, in hurtling pursuit behind them, suddenly announced that it needed a holiday and left the field of battle.

She suspected that the calories, along with others, would be reflected on her bathroom scales a week from now but quelled her conscience by telling herself it was a dietitian 's duty to sample as much as possible of the hospital fare.

But whenever the daytime temperatures-or my developing instincts as a surrogate mother bear-rose enough to trigger the impulse, I would drive out to see how they were doing, and to supplement their diets if they were still out and about, still foraging.

Hedging his bets, he ordered half of his men back to the Louvre perimeter.

He wept and defended himself and as long as he was able to move any part of his body, he struggled and shouted :

Proudly and patiently he waited for someone to ask for a song from him and then hesitantly took his gusle out of his bag, breathed on it, looked to see if his bow had been slackened by damp, and tuned up, all the while quite clearly wanting to attract as little attention as possible to these technical preliminaries.

She looks at me, one eyebrow hoisted.

But you jus ' tell an ' try to get this guy canned and we 'll tell ever'body, an ' then will you get the laugh. "

It had been five years now since he had been awarded one-large enough to contain a shower, a small laundry, and other necessities.

Jonston subdivides his chapter on the horse under twelve headings : name, anatomical parts, habitat, ages, generation, voice, movements, sympathy and antipathy, uses, medicinal uses.

Ford continued to stare at him, slowly organizing his thoughts around this totally new concept.

For them the breakdown of Aunt Lotte 's forces was a heavier blow than the war itself and the flight and the loss of home and property, for with her it was possible to surmount and overcome everything but without her they could think of nothing and do nothing.

Straight ahead, " said Sparks, readying the sword.

She looked at herself in profile and readjusted a hairpin above her ear.

Billy had just flexed his knees to make the joints pop.

At the first hint of trouble they turn totally black and thus prevent you from seeing anything that might alarm you.

Doyle stepped quickly to his room, where the formidable servant was once again stationed at the door.

those on the left were dear and bright, and the whiteness of the glaciers shimmered above the green contours;

A fellow ’ s only eighteen once in a lifetime, he wants something dreadfully and doesn ’ t know what, it ’ s just a great big longing and thirst in his body, a festering desire not articulate but so strong it hurts.

What kind of prayers would there have to be to fill them in and smooth them over?

Satisfied that his jumbled thought processes had at last arrived at a conclusion, and a conclusion he was happy with, even if it was n't the one he had set out to achieve, he strode towards the door.

I spoke her name but she only closed her eyes briefly, dismissively, as if I should know that she was no longer Anna, that she was no longer anyone, and then opened them and stared at me again, harder than ever, not in surprise now but with a commanding sternness, willing that I should hear, hear and understand, what it was she had to say.

who had been about to plight her troth;

A young Vl ’ Hurg officer and his green steaming young lady passed through the large smoked glass doors at the far end of the bar into the dazzling light of the main body of the Restaurant beyond.

Curiously, however, the questions on the piece of paper more or less exactly matched the questions that were going through the massive battle-scarred industrial quality circuits of the robot 's mind.

And the poor girl 's contrariness encouraged Eleanor to attack other possible sources that might be disturbing her daughter - for Eleanor Holt never faulted herself, not for anything.

His eyes followed the stream of liquid glugging out of the bottle on to the table.

Only the best and strongest amongst them threw themselves into action with the fanaticism of fakirs and were there burnt up like flies, to be immediately hailed by their fellows as martyrs and saints ( for there is no generation without its saints ) and placed on pedestals as inaccessible examples.

His was closely cut, with a stylish flair that accented the handsome angles of his cheekbones and jaw-line.

I 'd come and haunt you every night and beckon you to follow me.

“ Don ’ t you want to interrogate the prisoners, sir? ” he squealed.

Divesting a sin of its validity, undoing it, erasing it out of time, in other words making it into nothing, is a mysterious and supernatural feat.

' At the moment, quite frankly, she 's made me more than a little piqued, ' Bertrand said, making a circle of thumb and forefinger to emphasise the last word.

“ This morning, ” Kohler challenged, “ when I typed the word ‘ Illuminati ’ into the computer, it returned thousands of current references.

THIS had been one of the coups that convinced the bishop the Teacher was truly capable of delivering the astonishing prize he claimed he could unearth.

It would now emit one single continuous beam, pencil-thin, broadcasting the incoming time signal to the planet of the signal 's origin, which it would not reach for four hundred years, travelling at light speed, but where it would probably cause something of a stir when it did.

What did you intend doing with Christine, that 's what I want to know. '

To the right loomed the Palace of the Tribunal, the lush papal residence rivaled only by Versailles in its baroque embellishment.

But if it did happen that a mouse was actually caught, the snapping of the shutter would wake him and he would get up and walk round the terrified creature, shaking his finger at it threateningly.

